2017 October 8
Report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China

[, a decisive victory to build a well-off society in an all-round way, and to win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, ——Report at the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, (October 18, 2017), Xi Jinping, Comrades: Now , I will report to the General Assembly on behalf of the 18th Central Committee. The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is a very important congress held at a critical period when a well-off society is fully established and socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era. The theme of the conference is: not forgetting the original intention, remembering the mission, holding high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, decisively building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and making unremitting efforts to realize the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. , Don't forget the original intention, just have to always. The original intention and mission of the Communist Party of China is to seek happiness for the Chinese people and revival for the Chinese nation. This original intention and mission are the fundamental driving force for inspiring the Chinese Communists to continue to advance. The comrades of the whole party must always breathe with the people, share a common destiny, and connect hearts, always regard the people's longing for a better life as the goal of struggle, and continue to achieve the greatness of the Chinese nation with a never-slack mental state and unremitting struggle attitude. The grand goal of rejuvenation is advancing bravely. At present, the situation at home and abroad is undergoing profound and complex changes. my country's development is still in a period of important strategic opportunities, with bright prospects and severe challenges. The comrades of the whole party must ascend the horizon, live in peace, be brave in reform and innovation, never be rigid and never stagnate, unite and lead the people of all ethnic groups in the country to win a comprehensive and well-off society, and strive to win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era. 1. The work and historic changes in the past five years. The five years since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China have been extremely extraordinary in the development of the party and the country. Facing the external environment of weak world economic recovery, frequent local conflicts and turbulence, and the intensification of global problems, and facing a series of profound changes such as China's economic development entering the new normal, we adhere to the general tone of progress and work hard to overcome difficulties. , Pioneering and enterprising, and made historic achievements in reform, opening up and socialist modernization. In order to implement the spirit of the Eighteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Party Central Committee convened seven plenary sessions, respectively on major issues such as reform of government institutions and transformation of functions, comprehensive deepening of reform, comprehensive promotion of governing the country according to law, formulation of the "13th Five-Year Plan", and comprehensive and strict governance of the party. Decision and deployment. In the past five years, we have coordinated and promoted the overall layout of the "five in one" and coordinated the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout. The "Twelfth Five-Year Plan" was successfully completed, the "Thirteenth Five-Year Plan" was successfully implemented, and the cause of the party and the state has been innovated . , Major achievements in economic construction. Unswervingly implement the new development concept, resolutely correct the development concept, change the development mode, and continuously improve the quality and efficiency of development. The economy maintains medium-to-high-speed growth and ranks among the leading countries in the world. Its GDP has grown from 54 trillion yuan to 80 trillion yuan, ranking second in the world and contributing more than 30% to the world's economic growth. . The supply-side structural reforms have advanced in depth, the economic structure has been continuously optimized, and emerging industries such as the digital economy have developed vigorously. Infrastructure construction such as high-speed rail, highways, bridges, ports, and airports has advanced rapidly. Agricultural modernization is steadily advancing, and the grain production capacity has reached 1.2 trillion jin. The urbanization rate has increased by an average of 1.2 percentage points annually, and more than 80 million agricultural migrants have become urban residents. The coordination of regional development has been enhanced, the construction of the “Belt and Road”, coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and the development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt have achieved remarkable results. The innovation-driven development strategy has been vigorously implemented, and the achievements of the construction of an innovative country have been fruitful. Major scientific and technological achievements such as Tiangong, Jiaolong, Tianyan, Wukong, Mozi, and large aircraft have come out one after another. The construction of the South Island Reef is actively promoted. The new open economy system has gradually been improved, and foreign trade, foreign investment, and foreign exchange reserves have been at the forefront of the world. A major breakthrough has been made in comprehensively deepening reform. The hooves are steadily advancing comprehensively deepening reforms, and resolutely eliminating the shortcomings of various systems and mechanisms. The reform has been fully implemented, multi-point breakthroughs, and in-depth advancement. It has made efforts to enhance the systematization, integrity, and synergy of reforms, expanded the breadth and depth of reforms, launched more than 1,500 reform measures, and made breakthroughs in important areas and key links. With regard to progress, the main framework for reform in major areas has been basically established. The socialist system with Chinese characteristics has been further improved, the level of modernization of the national governance system and governance capacity has been significantly improved, and the vitality of development and innovation of the entire society has been significantly enhanced. , Significant steps have been taken in building democracy and the rule of law. Actively develop socialist democratic politics and promote the comprehensive management of the country according to law. The party’s leadership, the people are the masters of the country, and the organic and unified system of the rule of law has been comprehensively strengthened. The party’s leadership system has been continuously improved.Governing the country according to law, the Party’s leadership, the people being the masters of the country, and the organically unified system construction of governing the country in an all-round way, the Party’s leadership system and mechanism have been continuously improved, socialist democracy has continued to develop, democracy within the party has become more extensive, socialist consultation democracy has been fully launched, and patriotic The united front is consolidated and developed, and innovation in ethnic and religious work is advanced. Scientific legislation, strict law enforcement, fair justice, and law-abiding by all people have been promoted in depth. The construction of a country ruled by law, a government ruled by law, and a society ruled by law are mutually reinforcing. The socialist system of rule of law with Chinese characteristics has been increasingly improved, and the concept of the rule of law in the whole society has been significantly enhanced. The pilot reform of the national supervisory system has achieved practical results. The reform of the administrative system, the reform of the judicial system, the restriction of power operation, and the construction of the supervisory system have been effectively implemented. , Significant progress has been made in the construction of ideology and culture. Strengthen the party's leadership over ideological work, advance the party's theoretical innovation in an all-round way, Marxism's guiding position in the field of ideology is more distinct, socialism with Chinese characteristics and the Chinese dream are deeply rooted in the people, socialist core values ​​and excellent traditional Chinese culture are widely promoted, Mass spiritual civilization creation activities were carried out solidly. The level of public cultural services continues to improve, literary and artistic creation continues to prosper, cultural undertakings and cultural industries are booming, Internet construction and management are constantly being improved, and national fitness and competitive sports are in full development. The main melody is louder, the positive energy is stronger, the cultural self-confidence is highlighted, the national cultural soft power and the influence of the Chinese culture are greatly improved, and the unity and ideology of the whole party and society are consolidated. , People's lives continue to improve. Through the in-depth implementation of the people-centered development thinking, a large number of measures to benefit the people have been implemented, and the people's sense of gain has been significantly enhanced. The decisive battle against poverty has made decisive progress. More than 60 million poor people have stably escaped poverty, and the incidence of poverty has dropped from 10.2% to less than 4%. Education has developed in an all-round way, and education in the central and western regions and rural areas has been significantly strengthened. The employment situation continues to improve, with an average annual increase of more than 13 million people in urban areas. The income growth rate of urban and rural residents exceeds the economic growth rate, and the middle-income group continues to expand. A social security system covering urban and rural residents has been basically established, people's health and medical and health standards have been greatly improved, and the construction of affordable housing has been steadily advancing. The social governance system has been improved, the overall social situation has remained stable, and national security has been comprehensively strengthened. The construction of ecological civilization has achieved remarkable results. Great efforts have been made to promote the construction of ecological civilization. The consciousness and initiative of the whole party and the nation to implement the concept of green development have increased significantly, and the situation of neglecting ecological and environmental protection has changed significantly. The formation of an ecological civilization system has accelerated, the system of main functional areas has been gradually improved, and the national park system pilot has been actively promoted. Comprehensive resource conservation has been effectively promoted, and the intensity of energy resource consumption has dropped significantly. Major ecological protection and restoration projects are progressing smoothly, and the forest coverage rate continues to increase. The governance of the ecological environment has been significantly strengthened and the environmental conditions have improved. Guide international cooperation in addressing climate change and become an important participant, contributor and leader in the construction of a global ecological civilization. , The strong army and the army open up a new situation. Focusing on the realization of the Chinese dream of strengthening the military, formulating military strategic guidelines under the new situation, and fully promoting the modernization of national defense and the army. The Gutian Army's Political Work Conference was held to restore and carry forward the glorious traditions and fine styles of our party and our army, and the political ecology of the people's army was effectively governed. Historical breakthroughs have been made in national defense and military reforms, and a new pattern has been formed for the management of the Military Commission, the main battle in the theater, and the construction of the main types of services. The organizational structure and force system of the People's Army have undergone a revolutionary remodeling. Strengthen military training and preparations, effectively carry out major tasks such as maritime rights protection, counter-terrorism and stability maintenance, disaster relief, international peacekeeping, Gulf of Aden escort, humanitarian rescue and other important tasks. The People's Army has taken firm steps on the road to a strong army with Chinese characteristics. , Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have made new progress. Comprehensively and accurately implement the "One Country, Two Systems" policy, firmly grasp the central authority of the Constitution and the Basic Law to govern Hong Kong and Macao, deepen exchanges and cooperation between the Mainland and Hong Kong and Macao, and maintain the prosperity and stability of Hong Kong and Macao. Adhere to the one-China principle and the "92 Consensus", promote the peaceful development of cross-strait relations, strengthen cross-strait economic and cultural exchanges and cooperation, and achieve a cross-strait leaders' historic meeting. Properly respond to changes in the situation in Taiwan, resolutely oppose and contain "Taiwan independence" separatist forces, and effectively maintain peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait. , An all-round diplomatic layout has been launched in depth. Comprehensively promote the diplomacy of great powers with Chinese characteristics, forming an all-round, multi-level, three-dimensional diplomatic layout, which has created good external conditions for my country's development. Implementation of the “Belt and Road” initiative, the establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, the establishment of the Silk Road Fund, the holding of the first “Belt and Road” International Cooperation Summit Forum, the APEC Leaders’ Informal Meeting, the G20 Leaders’ Hangzhou Summit, The BRICS leaders met in Xiamen and the AsiaInfo Summit. Advocate the building of a community of shared future for mankind and promote the transformation of the global governance system. my country’s international influence, appeal and shaping have been further improvedLetter Summit. Advocate the building of a community of shared future for mankind and promote the transformation of the global governance system. my country's international influence, appeal and shaping have been further improved, and it has made new major contributions to world peace and development. The comprehensive and strict governance of the party has achieved outstanding results. Strengthen the party's leadership and party building in an all-round way, and resolutely change the looseness and softness of governing the party. Promote the whole party to respect the party constitution, strengthen the political consciousness, the overall situation, the core consciousness, and align the consciousness, resolutely maintain the party's central authority and centralized and unified leadership, strictly clarify the party's political discipline and political rules, and implement the party's political responsibility to govern the party. Adhere to the requirements of looking in the mirror, dressing in the clothes, washing the bath, and treating the disease, carry out the party’s mass line education and practical activities and the "three strict and three practical" special education, promote the normalization and institutionalization of the "two studies and one do" learning education, and the whole party The ideals and beliefs are more firm and the party spirit is stronger. Carrying out the standards of good cadres in the new period, the situation of selection and hiring has improved significantly. The reform of the Party's construction system has advanced in depth, and the system of laws and regulations within the Party has been continuously improved. Put discipline ahead, and focus on solving outstanding problems that are most strongly reflected by the people and threaten the party's ruling foundation. Eight central regulations were issued to severely rectify formalism, bureaucracy, hedonism and extravagance, and resolutely oppose privileges. The role of patrolling swords has been demonstrated, and full coverage of patrols by the central and provincial party committees has been achieved. Adhere to the anti-corruption no-forbidden zone, full coverage, zero tolerance, unswervingly "tapping tigers", "flying flies", "hunting fox", the goal of not daring to rot is initially achieved, the cages that cannot be rotted are more and more secure Dykes are being built, and the overwhelming trend in the fight against corruption has been formed and consolidated. The achievements in the past five years are all-round and groundbreaking, and the changes in the past five years are profound and fundamental. Over the past five years, our party has taken on great political courage and strong responsibilities. It has put forward a series of new ideas, new ideas, new strategies, issued a series of major principles and policies, launched a series of major measures, promoted a series of major work, and solved many long-term ideas. The difficult problems that have been solved without being solved have done many major things that the past wanted to do but failed, and promoted historic changes in the cause of the party and the state. These historic changes have a major and far-reaching impact on the development of the cause of the party and the country. In the past five years, we have been courageous to face the major risk tests faced by the party and the outstanding problems existing in the party. We have used the tenacious will to uphold discipline, fight corruption and punish evil, and have eliminated the serious hidden dangers existing in the party and the country. The weather has been updated, the political ecology within the party has improved significantly, the party's creativity, cohesion, and combat effectiveness have been significantly enhanced, the party's unity and unity have been consolidated, the party-group relationship has been significantly improved, the party has become stronger in the revolutionary forging, and has renewed its new vitality. , Provides a strong political guarantee for the development of the party and the country. At the same time, we must be soberly aware that there are still many deficiencies in our work, and we are also facing many difficulties and challenges. Mainly: some outstanding problems of insufficient development imbalance have not been resolved, the quality and benefits of development are not high, the innovation capacity is not strong enough, the real economic level needs to be improved, and the ecological and environmental protection has a long way to go; there are still many shortcomings in the field of people's livelihood and poverty alleviation The task is arduous, the gap between urban and rural development and income distribution is still large, and the masses face many difficulties in employment, education, medical care, housing, pension, etc.; the level of social civilization needs to be improved; social contradictions and problems are intertwined and superimposed, and the task of ruling the country in accordance with the law is comprehensive It is still heavy, and the country’s governance system and capacity need to be strengthened; the struggle in the ideological field is still complex, and national security is facing new situations; some reforms and deployment and major policy measures need to be further implemented; there are still many weak links in party building. These problems must be solved with great efforts. The achievements over the past five years are the result of the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee and the result of the joint efforts of the entire party and the people of all ethnic groups throughout the country. On behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, to the people of all ethnic groups in the country, to democratic parties, people’s organizations and patriots from all walks of life, to the compatriots in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the compatriots in the Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan, as well as the broad masses of overseas Chinese, to countries that care about and support China’s modernization drive Friends, express my heartfelt thanks! , Comrades! At the beginning of reform and opening up, our party issued a great call for taking its own path and building socialism with Chinese characteristics. Since then, our party has united and led the people of all ethnic groups in the country to make unremitting efforts to push China's economic strength, scientific and technological strength, national defense strength, and comprehensive national strength into the forefront of the world, and promote the unprecedented improvement of China's international status. The face of the party, the face of the country, Unprecedented changes have taken place in the face of the people, the face of the military, and the face of the Chinese nation. The Chinese nation is standing in the east of the world in a new posture. After a long-term effort, socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, which is a new historical orientation for my country's development. , Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, which means that the Chinese nation, which has suffered so much in modern times, has usheredposition. , Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, which means that the Chinese nation, which has suffered so much in modern times, has ushered in a great leap from standing up, getting rich, and becoming strong, and ushered in the bright prospect of realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation; meaning science Socialism has shown great vigor and vitality in China in the 21st century, and it has raised the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the world; it means that the road, theory, system, and culture of socialism with Chinese characteristics are constantly developing and expanding the development. The country's approach to modernization provides new options for countries and nations in the world who wish to accelerate development and maintain their independence, and contribute Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions to solving human problems. This new era is an era of succession, past succession, and continued to win the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics under new historical conditions. The era of struggle, continuous creation of a better life, and the gradual realization of the common prosperity of all the people is an era when all Chinese children work together to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the Chinese dream. China is increasingly approaching the center of the world stage and making greater progress for humanity. The era of contribution. , Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, and the main contradictions in our society have been transformed into contradictions between the people’s increasing need for a better life and unbalanced and inadequate development. China has steadily solved the problem of food and clothing for more than one billion people and achieved a moderately prosperous society in general. It will soon be fully built into a moderately prosperous society. The people’s need for a better life is becoming increasingly widespread. The demands on justice, security, environment and so on are increasing day by day. At the same time, the level of social productivity in our country has improved significantly overall, and social productive capacity has entered the forefront of the world in many ways. A more prominent problem is the inadequate development. This has become a major constraint for meeting the people’s growing needs for a better life. It must be recognized that the main social contradiction changes in our society are historical changes that affect the overall situation, and many new requirements are put forward for the work of the party and the state. On the basis of continuing to promote development, we must strive to solve the problem of uneven development and inadequate development, vigorously improve the quality and effectiveness of development, and better meet the growing needs of the people in the economic, political, cultural, social, ecological and other aspects, better Promote all-round human development and social progress. It must be recognized that the changes in the main social contradictions of our country have not changed our judgment on the historical stage of our socialism, our basic national conditions are still and will remain in the primary stage of socialism for the long term, and our country is the world’s largest developing country Has remained unchanged. The whole party must firmly grasp the basic national conditions of the primary stage of socialism, firmly based on the maximum reality of the primary stage of socialism, firmly adhere to the party’s basic line, the lifeline of the party and the country, and the happiness line of the people, and lead and unite all ethnic groups throughout the country The people, centered on economic construction, adhere to the four basic principles, adhere to reform and opening up, self-reliance and hard work, and strive to build our country into a strong, powerful, democratic, civilized, harmonious and beautiful socialist modern power. , Comrades! Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, which is of great significance in the history of the development of the People's Republic of China and the history of the development of the Chinese nation, as well as in the history of the development of socialism in the world and the history of the development of human society. The whole party should be firm in confidence and work hard to make socialism with Chinese characteristics show more vitality! Second, the historical mission of the Communist Party of China in the new era. One hundred years ago, the October Revolution fired a gun and sent Marxism-Leninism to China. Chinese advanced elements see the way out of solving China's problems from the scientific truth of Marxism-Leninism. In the fierce movement of Chinese society after modern times, in the fierce struggle of the Chinese people against feudal rule and foreign aggression, and in the process of combining Marxism-Leninism with the Chinese workers' movement, the Chinese Communist Party came into being in 1921. From then on, the Chinese people's struggle for national independence, people's liberation, prosperity and prosperity of the country, and happiness of the people had the backbone, and the Chinese people changed from passive to active in spirit. The Chinese nation has a civilization history of more than 5,000 years. It has created a splendid Chinese civilization, made outstanding contributions to mankind, and became a great nation in the world. After the Opium War, China fell into a dark situation of internal and external troubles. The Chinese people experienced the deep sufferings of frequent wars and chaos, broken mountains and rivers, and people's lack of livelihood. In order to rejuvenate the country, countless people with lofty ideals and perseverance have fought hard and fought hard and made various attempts, but ultimately failed to change the social nature of old China and the tragic fate of the Chinese people. The realization of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is the greatest dream of the Chinese nation in modern times. Once the Communist Party of China is established,The tragic fate of the Chinese people. The realization of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is the greatest dream of the Chinese nation in modern times. Once the Communist Party of China was established, the realization of communism was regarded as the highest ideal and ultimate goal of the party. It has taken the historic mission of realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, united and led the people in an arduous struggle, and wrote a magnificent epic. Our party profoundly recognizes that to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, we must overthrow the three mountains of imperialism, feudalism, and bureaucratic capitalism that weigh on the Chinese people, and achieve national independence, people's liberation, national reunification, and social stability. Our party united and led the people to find a correct revolutionary way to surround the city with the countryside and to seize power by armed forces. After 28 years of bloody struggle, the new democratic revolution was completed, and the People’s Republic of China was established in 1949. China has made a great leap from thousands of years of feudal autocracy to people's democracy. Our party profoundly recognizes that to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, we must establish an advanced social system that is in line with our country's reality. Our party united and led the people to complete the socialist revolution, established the basic socialist system, promoted socialist construction, completed the most extensive and profound social transformation in the history of the Chinese nation, and laid the fundamental political premise and institutional foundation for all development and progress in contemporary China. It has achieved a great leap forward from the continuous decline of the modern nation to the fundamental reversal of destiny and the continued prosperity and prosperity. Our party deeply realizes that to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, we must conform to the trend of the times, follow the wishes of the people, be brave in reform and opening up, and make the cause of the party and the people always full of strong motivation to move forward courageously. Our party united and led the people to carry out the new great revolution of reform and opening up, to break down all ideological and institutional obstacles that hindered the development of the country and the nation, opened up the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and made China leapfrog the times. In the past 96 years, in order to realize the historical mission of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, whether it is weak or strong, whether it is prosperous or adversity, our party has never changed its mind and determined to lead the people through all the hardships and dangers. Sacrifice, the courage to face ups and downs, the courage to correct mistakes, overcoming one after another seemingly insurmountable difficulties, and creating one after another the miracle of humanity that surpassed the annals of history. , Comrades! Today, we are closer, more confident and capable than any period in history to achieve the goal of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. , Barry is only half of 90. The great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is by no means easy and easy. The whole party must be prepared to make even harder and harder efforts. To realize the great dream, great struggle must be carried out. Society is advancing in a contradictory movement, and if there are contradictions, there will be struggles. If our party is to unite and lead the people to effectively cope with major challenges, resist major risks, overcome major resistance, and resolve major contradictions, we must wage a great struggle with many new historical characteristics. Any thoughts and actions that are greedy, passive, slack, and avoid contradictions are all Incorrect. The whole party must more consciously adhere to the party's leadership and China's socialist system, and resolutely oppose all words and deeds that weaken, distort, and deny the party's leadership and our socialist system; more consciously safeguard the people's interests, and firmly oppose all damage to the people's interests and secession The behavior of the masses; more consciously join the trend of the era of reform and innovation, resolutely eliminate all stubborn malaria; more consciously safeguard China's sovereignty, security, development interests, and resolutely oppose all acts that split the motherland, undermine national unity, and social harmony and stability; more consciously To prevent various risks and resolutely overcome all difficulties and challenges that arise in the political, economic, cultural, social and other fields and the natural world. The whole party must fully understand the long-term, complex, and arduous nature of this great struggle, carry forward the fighting spirit, improve the fighting skills, and constantly win new victories in the great struggle. To realize great dreams, great projects must be built. This great project is the new great project of party building that our party is advancing in depth. History has proven and will continue to prove that without the leadership of the Communist Party of China, national rejuvenation must be fantasy. Our party must always be the vanguard of the times, the backbone of the nation, and the party in power of Marxism. The whole party must be more consciously firm in the principles of party spirit, be brave to face problems, dare to scrape bones and cure poison, eliminate all factors that damage the party's advanced nature and purity, remove all viruses that erode the party's healthy body, and continuously strengthen the party's political leadership , Ideological leadership, mass organization, and social appeal to ensure that our party will always maintain vigorous vitality and strong combat effectiveness. To realize the great dream, we must advance the great cause. Socialism with Chinese characteristics is the theme of all the party's theories and practices since the reform and opening up, and is the fundamental achievements that the party and the people have endured through all their hardships and huge costs. The path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is to realize socialist modernization and create peopleIt is a fundamental achievement made by the party and the people through all their hardships and huge costs. The socialist road with Chinese characteristics is the only way to realize socialist modernization and create a better life for the people. The theoretical system of socialism with Chinese characteristics is the correct theory to guide the party and the people to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. The socialist system with Chinese characteristics is the foundation of contemporary China's development and progress The system guarantees that the socialist culture with Chinese characteristics is a powerful spiritual force that inspires the entire party, the people of all ethnic groups, and the people of all ethnic groups. The whole party should more consciously enhance road self-confidence, theoretical self-confidence, institutional self-confidence, and cultural self-confidence. It should neither take the old road of closure and rigidity, nor take the evil road of changing flags, maintain political determination, persist in hard work and prosperity, and always adhere to Develop socialism with Chinese characteristics. , The great struggle, the great project, the great cause, the great dream, are closely connected, interlinked, and interact, and the decisive role is the new great project of party building. Promoting great projects must be carried out in conjunction with the practice of great struggles, great causes, and great dreams, to ensure that the party is always at the forefront of the times in the historical process of profound changes in the world situation, and in the historical process of responding to various risks and tests at home and abroad Become the backbone of the people of the whole country, and have always become a strong core of leadership in the historical process of upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics. , Comrades! The mission calls for responsibility and the mission leads the future. We must live up to the people’s trust and worthy of historical choices. In the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, with the party’s strong leadership and tenacious struggle, we will inspire all Chinese children to continue to forge ahead, and unite the majestic power of building the Chinese dream together. ! 3. The socialist ideology and basic strategy with Chinese characteristics in the new era. Since the Eighteenth National Congress, changes in the situation at home and abroad and the development of various undertakings in China have brought us a major topic of the times. What kind of socialism with Chinese characteristics to adhere to and develop in the new era, and how to maintain and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics, including the general goals, tasks, overall layout, strategic layout, development direction and development mode of the new era to adhere to and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics , Development momentum, strategic steps, external conditions, political guarantees and other basic issues, and according to new practices, economic, political, legal, scientific and technological, cultural, educational, people's livelihood, ethnic, religious, social, ecological civilization, national security, national defense Make theoretical analysis and policy guidance with the army, "one country, two systems" and the motherland's unity, united front, diplomacy, party building, etc., in order to better adhere to and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics. Regarding this major issue of the times, our party adheres to the guidance of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory, the important thinking of the "Three Represents", and the scientific development concept, and adheres to emancipating the mind, seeking truth from facts, advancing with the times, seeking truth and being pragmatic, Adhere to dialectical materialism and historical materialism, closely integrate with the new era conditions and practical requirements, deepen the understanding of the Communist Party’s governing laws, socialist construction laws, and human society’s development laws with a new perspective, conduct hard theoretical explorations, and achieve major theoretical innovations The achievements have formed the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era. The socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era clearly adheres to and develops socialism with Chinese characteristics. The overall task is to achieve socialist modernization and the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. On the basis of building a well-off society in an all-round way, it will be built in two steps in the middle of this century. A democratic, civilized, harmonious and beautiful socialist modern power; it is clear that the main contradiction of our society in the new era is the contradiction between the people’s increasing need for a better life and unbalanced and inadequate development. We must adhere to the people-centered development concept and continuously promote people Comprehensive development and common prosperity for all people; clarify that the overall layout of the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics is "five in one" and the strategic layout is "four comprehensive", emphasizing firm road confidence, theoretical confidence, institutional confidence, and cultural confidence; clear and comprehensive deepening The overall goal of reform is to improve and develop the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, to promote the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities; to clarify the overall goal of advancing the rule of law according to law is to build a socialist legal system with Chinese characteristics and a socialist country under the rule of law; to clarify the party’s new era The goal of a strong army is to build a people's army that listens to the party's command, can win battles, and has a good style of work, and build the people's army into a world-class army; it is clear that the diplomacy of major powers with Chinese characteristics should promote the establishment of a new type of international relations and a community of human destiny; The most essential feature of socialism with characteristics is the leadership of the Communist Party of China. The greatest advantage of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics is the leadership of the Communist Party of China. The party is the highest political leadership. It puts forward the general requirements for party building in the new era and highlights the importance of political construction in party building. important position. , The socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era is a response to Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory, "An important position in party building. The socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era is the inheritance and development of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory, the important thinking of the "Three Represents", and the scientific development concept. It is the latest achievement of Marxism in China and is the practice of the Party and the people. The crystallization of experience and collective wisdom is an important part of the theoretical system of socialism with Chinese characteristics and a guide to the struggle of the whole party and the people of the country to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. It must be maintained and developed for a long time. The whole party must deeply understand the spiritual essence and rich connotation of the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era, and comprehensively and accurately implement it in all work. (1) Uphold the party's leadership over all work. Party, government, military and civilian studies, the east, west, south, north, and middle, the party is leading everything. Must enhance political consciousness, overall consciousness, core consciousness, and consciousness, consciously maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize unified leadership, consciously maintain a high degree of ideological and political action with the Party Central Committee, improve the system and mechanism of upholding the Party’s leadership, and maintain stability The overall tone of China's work for progress, overall planning to promote the overall layout of the "five in one", coordinate the promotion of the "four comprehensive" strategic layout, improve the party's ability and strength to guide the direction, seek the overall situation, set policies, and promote reforms to ensure that the party always takes overall control Overall, coordinate all parties. (2) Adhere to the people as the center. The people are the creators of history and the fundamental forces that determine the future and destiny of the party and the country. We must uphold the status of the people as the main body, adhere to the principle of establishing the party for the public and governing for the people, practice the fundamental purpose of serving the people wholeheartedly, implement the party's mass line in all activities of governing the country, and take the people's longing for a better life as a struggle The goal depends on the people to create a great cause of history. (3) Insist on comprehensively deepening reform. Only socialism can save China, and only reform and opening up can develop China, develop socialism, and develop Marxism. We must uphold and improve the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, continue to promote the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities, resolutely eliminate all the anachronisms of ideological concepts and institutional mechanisms, break through the barriers of solidified interests, absorb the beneficial results of human civilization, build a complete system, and scientific norms 1. Operate an effective system and give full play to the superiority of our socialist system. , (4) Adhere to the new development concept. Development is the foundation and key to solving all problems in our country. Development must be scientific development, and we must unswervingly implement the innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development concept. We must uphold and improve China's socialist basic economic system and distribution system, unswervingly consolidate and develop the public economy, encourage, support, and guide the development of the non-public economy, so that the market plays a decisive role in the allocation of resources and better play the government Function, promote the simultaneous development of new-type industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization, actively participate in and promote the process of economic globalization, develop a higher level of open economy, and continuously strengthen China's economic strength and overall national strength. (5) Insist that the people be the masters. Upholding the party's leadership, the people being the masters of the country, and the organic reunification of governing the country according to law are inevitable requirements of socialist political development. We must adhere to the path of political development of socialism with Chinese characteristics, uphold and improve the system of people’s congresses, the system of multiparty cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, the system of regional ethnic autonomy, and the system of self-government at the grassroots level, and consolidate and develop the broadest patriotic united front, Develop socialist consultative democracy, improve the democratic system, enrich democratic forms, broaden democratic channels, and ensure that the people are the masters of the country's political and social life. (6) Adhere to comprehensively govern the country according to law. Governing the country in full accordance with law is the essential requirement and important guarantee of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The party’s leadership must be implemented in the entire process and in all aspects of governing the country according to law, firmly adhere to the road of socialist rule of law with Chinese characteristics, improve the socialist legal system with Chinese characteristics centered on the Constitution, build a socialist legal system with Chinese characteristics, and build society Rule the country by law, develop the theory of socialist rule of law with Chinese characteristics, adhere to the rule of law, rule by law, and promote administration by law, adhere to the integration of rule of law, rule of law, and society by rule of law, adhere to the combination of rule by law and rule by virtue, and rule by law and rule by law Regulate the party's organic unity, deepen the reform of the judicial system, and improve the nation's legal literacy and moral quality. (7) Adhere to the socialist core value system. Cultural self-confidence is a more basic, deeper and more lasting force in the development of a country or a nation. We must uphold Marxism, firmly establish the great ideal of communism and the common ideal of socialism with Chinese characteristics, nurture and practice the core values ​​of socialism, continuously strengthen the dominance and voice in the ideological field, and promote the creative transformation and innovative development of China’s excellent traditional culture , Inherit the revolutionary culture, develop the advanced socialist culture, do not forget the original, absorb foreign, face the future, and better structureCreative transformation of culture, innovative development, inheriting revolutionary culture, developing advanced socialist culture, not forgetting the origin, absorbing foreign people, facing the future, better building the Chinese spirit, Chinese value, Chinese strength, and providing spiritual guidance for the people. (8) Adhere to guarantee and improve people's livelihood during development. Improving people's well-being is the fundamental goal of development. It is necessary to seek more benefits for people's livelihood and solve their worries, fill in the shortcomings of people's livelihood in development, promote social fairness and justice, raise children at an early age, learn and teach, get income from labor, get medical treatment from sickness and old age New progress has been made in raising, living and living, and helping the weak, and deepening poverty alleviation efforts to ensure that all people have a greater sense of gain in the joint construction and shared development, and continue to promote the overall development of people and the common prosperity of all people. To build a safe China, strengthen and innovate social governance, maintain social harmony and stability, and ensure the country’s long-term stability and the people’s well-being. , (9) Adhere to the harmonious coexistence of man and nature. Building an ecological civilization is a millennium plan for the sustainable development of the Chinese nation. We must establish and practice the concept that green water and green mountains are Jinshan and Yinshan, adhere to the basic national policy of saving resources and protecting the environment, treat the ecological environment like life, coordinate the management of landscapes, forests, lakes and grasses, and implement the most stringent ecological environmental protection system. Form a green development mode and lifestyle, firmly follow the road of civilized development of production development, affluent life, and good ecology, build a beautiful China, create a good production and living environment for the people, and contribute to global ecological security. (10) Adhere to the overall national security concept. It is an important principle of our party's governance of the country to coordinate development and security, enhance awareness of dangers, and achieve peace and security. We must adhere to the supremacy of national interests, take the people’s security as the purpose, and take political security as the basis, coordinate external security and internal security, homeland security and national security, traditional security and non-traditional security, self security and common security, and improve the national security system, Strengthen national security capacity building, and resolutely safeguard national sovereignty, security, and development interests. (11) Uphold the party's absolute leadership over the people's army. Building a people's army that listens to the party's command, can win battles, and has a good working style is the strategic support for achieving the "two hundred years" struggle goals and the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. It is necessary to fully implement a series of fundamental principles and systems for the Party to lead the People's Army, establish the guiding position of the Party's strong military thinking in national defense and army building in the new era, and adhere to the political construction of the army, the reform of the powerful army, the rejuvenation of the army by science and technology, and the administration of the army by law Pay more attention to focusing on actual combat, more attention to innovation drive, more attention to system construction, more intensive and efficient, more attention to military and civilian integration, to achieve the party's goal of strengthening the military in the new era. (12) Adhere to "One Country, Two Systems" and promote the reunification of the motherland. Maintaining the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong and Macao and achieving the complete reunification of the motherland are inevitable requirements for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. It is necessary to organically combine the maintenance of the central government's comprehensive governance of Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions and the protection of the high degree of autonomy of the Special Administrative Regions to ensure that the "one country, two systems" policy will not change and remain unshakable, and that the practice of "one country, two systems" will not be deformed or distorted. We must adhere to the one-China principle, adhere to the "92 Consensus", promote the peaceful development of cross-strait relations, deepen cross-strait economic cooperation and cultural exchanges, promote compatriots on both sides of the strait to oppose all activities that split the country, and work together for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. (13) Insist on promoting the construction of a community of shared future for mankind. The dreams of the Chinese people are closely linked to the dreams of peoples of other countries, and the realization of the Chinese dream is inseparable from a peaceful international environment and a stable international order. It is necessary to coordinate the overall situation of the country and the world, unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development, pursue an open strategy of mutual benefit and win-win, adhere to the correct concept of justice and benefit, establish a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable, seek open innovation, tolerance and mutual benefit Development prospects, promote peaceful and diverse, eclectic civilization exchanges, build an ecosystem that respects nature and green development, and always be a builder of world peace, a contributor to global development, and a maintainer of the international order. (14) Adhere to comprehensive and strict governance of the party. The courage to self-revolution and the strict administration of the party to govern the party are the most distinctive characters of our party. We must follow the party constitution as the fundamental principle, put the party's political construction in the first place, ideologically build the party and the system to govern the party, and work together to promote the party's construction in an integrated manner, seize the "key minority", and adhere to the "three stricts and three realities". Adhere to democratic centralism, tighten political life within the party, tighten party discipline, strengthen intraparty supervision, develop a positive and healthy political culture within the party, purify the political ecology within the party, resolutely correct all kinds of unhealthy practices, and punish with zero tolerance Corruption constantly enhances the party's ability to purify itself, improve itself, reform itself, and improve itself, and always maintain the flesh-and-blood relationship between the party and the people. The above fourteen items constitute the basic strategy for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era. All Party comrades must fully implement the party's basic theoryTo build a community with a shared future for mankind and build a world of lasting peace, universal security, common prosperity, openness and tolerance, and a clean and beautiful world. We must respect each other, negotiate on an equal footing, resolutely abandon the Cold War mentality and power politics, and follow the new path of country-to-state exchanges without dialogue, confrontation, partnership, and alliance. It is necessary to persist in resolving disputes through dialogue and resolve differences through consultation, coping with traditional and non-traditional security threats, and opposing all forms of terrorism. We must work together to promote trade and investment liberalization and facilitation, and promote economic globalization in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced, and win-win direction. We must respect the diversity of world civilizations, use civilization exchange to transcend civilization barriers, learn from each other, transcend civilization conflicts, and coexist civilizations to transcend civilization superiority. We must adhere to environmental friendliness, cooperate to cope with climate change, and protect the earth's homeland on which humanity depends. China firmly pursues an independent and peaceful foreign policy, respects the rights of peoples of all countries to choose their own development path, safeguards international fairness and justice, opposes imposing their will on others, opposes interference in other countries’ internal affairs, and opposes bullying. China will never develop itself at the expense of the interests of other countries, nor will it give up its legitimate rights and interests. No one should fantasize about letting China swallow the bitter fruits that harm its own interests. China pursues a defensive national defense policy. China's development does not pose a threat to any country. No matter how far China develops, it will never seek hegemony or expansion. , China actively develops global partnerships, expands the intersection of interests with other countries, promotes coordination and cooperation among major powers, builds an overall stable and balanced development framework for relations among major powers, and follows the concept of sincerity and tolerance and good neighbors and neighbors as partners The diplomatic policy deepens relations with neighboring countries, upholds the concept of righteousness, benefit and true sincerity and strengthens solidarity and cooperation with developing countries. Strengthen exchanges and cooperation with political parties and political organizations in various countries, and promote foreign exchanges between the National People's Congress, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, the military, localities, and people's organizations. , China adheres to the basic national policy of opening to the outside world, insists on opening up the country to engage in construction, actively promotes the “Belt and Road” international cooperation, strives to achieve policy communication, facility connectivity, smooth trade, capital and financial links, and people’s hearts, creating a new platform for international cooperation and adding common development new motivation. Increase aid to developing countries, especially the least developed countries, and promote the narrowing of the North-South development gap. China supports the multilateral trading system, promotes the construction of free trade zones, and promotes the construction of an open world economy. , China upholds the global governance concept of mutual consultation, joint construction and sharing, advocates the democratization of international relations, insists that the country is equal regardless of size, strength and weakness, rich and poor, supports the United Nations in playing an active role, and supports the expansion of developing countries’ representation in international affairs Sex and voice. China will continue to play the role of a responsible big country, actively participate in the reform and construction of the global governance system, and continue to contribute to China’s wisdom and strength. , Comrades! The destiny of the world is in the hands of people of all countries, and the future of mankind depends on the choice of people of all countries. The Chinese people are willing to work with the people of other countries to promote the building of a community of shared future for mankind and create a better future for mankind! XIII. Unswervingly and comprehensively administer the party strictly and continuously improve the party's ruling ability and leadership level. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era. Our party must have new behavior and new actions. The iron must be hard by itself. If the party is to unite and lead the people in a great struggle, advance a great cause, and realize a great dream, it must unswervingly adhere to and improve the party's leadership, and unwaveringly build the party more powerfully. , Comprehensively and strictly govern the party is always on the way. A political party, a political power, its future and destiny depends on the people's back. What the people oppose and hate, we must resolutely prevent and correct. The whole party must be soberly aware that the ruling environment our party is facing is complicated, and the factors that affect the party’s advanced nature and weaken the party’s purity are also complicated. The party’s existing impure thoughts, impure organization, impure style, etc. The outstanding problems have not been fundamentally resolved. We must have a profound understanding of the long-term and complex nature of the tests of governance, reform and opening up, market economy, and external environment that the party faces, and the sharpness of the dangers of spiritual slackness, lack of ability, danger from the masses, and danger of negative corruption facing the party And seriousness, adhere to the problem-oriented, maintain strategic determination, and promote the comprehensive and strict development of the party in depth. The general requirements for party building in the new era are: adhere to and strengthen the party’s overall leadership, adhere to the party’s need to manage the party, and strictly manage the party in an all-round way, strengthen the party’s long-term ruling ability, advancement and purity, and take the party as the main line The political construction of the party is the leader, based on the firm ideals and beliefs and the foundation, with the enthusiasm, initiative and creativity of the whole party as the focus, comprehensively promote the party’s political construction, ideological construction, organizational construction, style construction, discipline construction, and system construction. Throughout it, advance the fight against corruption in depth, continuously improve the quality of party building, and make party building always be at the forefront of the times, the people wholeheartedly support and courageouslyWe will unswervingly regard development as the top priority of the party in governing and rejuvenating the country, insist on emancipating and developing social productive forces, adhere to the direction of socialist market economic reform, and promote sustained and healthy economic development. Our country's economy has shifted from a stage of high-speed growth to a stage of high-quality development. It is in the critical period of transforming the development mode, optimizing the economic structure, and transforming the growth momentum. Building a modern economic system is an urgent requirement to cross the border and a strategic goal for my country's development. We must adhere to quality first, benefit first, take supply-side structural reform as the main line, promote economic development quality reform, efficiency reform, and power reform, improve total factor productivity, and focus on accelerating the construction of the real economy, technological innovation, modern finance, and human resources coordination. The developed industrial system focuses on building an economic system with an effective market mechanism, a viable micro-subject, and a moderate macro-control, and continuously enhances China's economic innovation and competitiveness. (1) Deepen structural reform on the supply side. To build a modern economic system, we must focus on the development of the economy in the real economy, take the improvement of the quality of the supply system as the main direction, and significantly enhance our country's economic quality advantage. Accelerate the construction of a strong manufacturing country, accelerate the development of advanced manufacturing, promote the deep integration of the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy, and cultivate in the fields of high-end consumption, innovation leadership, green and low-carbon, shared economy, modern supply chain, human capital services and other fields New growth points and new momentum. Support the optimization and upgrading of traditional industries, accelerate the development of modern service industries, and aim to raise the level of international standards. Promote my country's industry to the mid-to-high end of the global value chain, and cultivate a number of world-class advanced manufacturing clusters. Strengthen the construction of infrastructure networks such as water conservancy, railways, highways, water transportation, aviation, pipelines, power grids, information, and logistics. Adhere to de-capacity, de-stocking, de-leveraging, cost reduction, shortcomings, optimize the allocation of stock resources, expand high-quality incremental supply, and achieve dynamic balance between supply and demand. Stimulate and protect the entrepreneurial spirit, and encourage more social subjects to devote themselves to innovation and entrepreneurship. Build an army of knowledge-based, skill-based and innovative workers, promote the spirit of model workers and craftsmen, and create a glorious social fashion of labor and a spirit of excellence. (2) Accelerate the construction of an innovative country. Innovation is the first driving force for development and the strategic support for building a modern economic system. It is necessary to aim at the frontiers of world science and technology, strengthen basic research, and achieve major breakthroughs in forward-looking basic research and leading original achievements. Strengthen the application of basic research, expand the implementation of major national science and technology projects, highlight key common technologies, cutting-edge leading technologies, modern engineering technologies, and disruptive technological innovations. To build a technologically strong country, a strong quality country, an aerospace powerful country, a network powerful country, a transportation powerful country, and a digital China, Smart society provides strong support. Strengthen the construction of a national innovation system and strengthen strategic scientific and technological forces. Deepen the reform of the scientific and technological system, establish an enterprise-based, market-oriented, and in-depth integration of production, education and research technology innovation system, strengthen support for SME innovation, and promote the transformation of scientific and technological achievements. Advocate an innovation culture and strengthen the creation, protection and application of intellectual property rights. Cultivate a large number of strategic scientific and technological talents, leading scientific and technological talents, young scientific and technological talents and high-level innovation teams with international standards. (3) Implement the strategy of rural revitalization. The issue of agriculture and rural farmers is a fundamental issue related to national economy and people's livelihood. It must always be the top priority of the work of the whole party to solve the "three rural issues". We must insist on giving priority to the development of agriculture and rural areas, and in accordance with the general requirements of industrial prosperity, ecological livability, rural civilization, effective governance, and affluent living, establish and improve urban-rural integration development institutional mechanisms and policy systems, and accelerate agricultural and rural modernization. Consolidate and improve the basic rural management system, deepen the reform of the rural land system, and improve the "three powers" split system of contracted land. Keep the land contracting relationship stable and unchanged for a long time, and extend it for another 30 years after the second round of land contracting expires. Deepen the reform of the rural collective property rights system, protect farmers' property rights, and strengthen the collective economy. To ensure national food security, hold the Chinese people's rice bowl firmly in their own hands. Build a modern agricultural industrial system, production system, and management system, improve the agricultural support and protection system, develop various forms of moderate-scale operations, cultivate new types of agricultural management entities, improve the agricultural socialized service system, and achieve the organic connection between small farmers and modern agriculture. Promote the integration and development of the rural primary, secondary and tertiary industries, support and encourage farmers to start businesses and expand income channels. Strengthen basic work in rural areas and improve the rural governance system that combines autonomy, the rule of law and the rule of virtue. Cultivate a workforce that understands agriculture, loves the countryside, and loves farmers. , (4) Implement regional coordinated development strategy. Intensify efforts to support the accelerated development of old revolutionary bases, ethnic areas, border areas, and poverty-stricken areas, strengthen measures to promote the development of the western region to form a new pattern, deepen reforms, accelerate the revitalization of old industrial bases such as the northeast, give full play to the advantages to promote the rise of the central region, and take the lead in innovation to achieve the east Regional optimizationForm a new pattern, deepen reform, accelerate the revitalization of old industrial bases such as the Northeast, give full play to the advantages to promote the rise of the central region, innovate and lead the first to realize the optimized development of the eastern region, and establish a more effective new mechanism for regional coordinated development. The urban agglomeration will be the main body to build a coordinated urban development pattern of large, medium, and small cities and small towns, and accelerate the urbanization of the agricultural transfer population. Taking the function of unblocking Beijing's non-capital city as a "bull nose" to promote Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development, the Xiong'an New District will be built with high starting point planning and high standards. Promote the development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt in the direction of grasping great protection and not developing. Support the economic transformation and development of resource-based regions. Accelerate the development of border areas and ensure the consolidation of border areas and border security. Adhere to the overall planning of land and sea, and accelerate the construction of a strong marine nation. (5) Accelerate the improvement of the socialist market economic system. The reform of the economic system must focus on improving the property rights system and the market-based allocation of factors, to achieve effective incentives for property rights, free flow of factors, flexible price response, fair and orderly competition, and the survival of the fittest. It is necessary to improve the management system of various state-owned assets, reform the authorized operation system of state-owned capital, accelerate the optimization, structural adjustment, and strategic reorganization of the state-owned economy, promote the preservation and appreciation of state-owned assets, promote the strengthening and optimization of state-owned capital, and effectively prevent the loss of state-owned assets. . Deepen the reform of state-owned enterprises, develop a mixed ownership economy, and cultivate world-class enterprises with global competitiveness. Fully implement the market access negative list system, clean up and abolish various regulations and practices that hinder unified market and fair competition, support the development of private enterprises, and stimulate the vitality of various market players. Deepen the reform of the commercial system, break administrative monopolies, prevent market monopolies, accelerate the reform of marketization of factor prices, relax restrictions on service industry access, and improve the market supervision system. Innovate and improve macroeconomic regulation and control, give play to the strategic guiding role of national development planning, and improve the coordination mechanism of economic policies in finance, currency, industry, and regions. Improve the system and mechanism for promoting consumption and enhance the basic role of consumption in economic development. Deepen the reform of the investment and financing system and give play to the key role of investment in optimizing the supply structure. Accelerate the establishment of a modern fiscal system, and establish central and local fiscal relations with clear powers and responsibilities, coordinated financial resources, and regional balance. Establish a comprehensive, standard, transparent, scientific, and binding budget system, and fully implement performance management. Deepen the reform of the tax system and improve the local tax system. Deepen the reform of the financial system, enhance the ability of financial services to the real economy, increase the proportion of direct financing, and promote the healthy development of multi-level capital markets. Improve the two-pillar regulation framework of monetary policy and macro-prudential policy, and deepen the market-oriented reform of interest rates and exchange rates. Improve the financial supervision system and keep the bottom line where no systematic financial risks occur. (6) Promote the formation of a new pattern of comprehensive opening up. Openness brings progress, and closure is bound to lag behind. The door of China's opening will not be closed, it will only open wider. Focusing on the construction of the “Belt and Road”, we must adhere to the importance of bringing in and going abroad, follow the principle of mutual consultation, joint construction and sharing, strengthen the open cooperation of innovation capabilities, and form an open pattern of linkage between the land and the sea, and the mutual cooperation between East and West. Expand foreign trade, cultivate new trade formats and models, and promote the building of a strong trading nation. Implement high-level trade and investment liberalization and facilitation policies, fully implement the pre-entry national treatment plus negative list management system, substantially relax market access, expand the opening of the service industry to the outside world, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of foreign investment. All companies registered in my country must be treated equally and equally. Optimize the layout of regional opening and increase the intensity of opening up in the west. Give the free trade pilot zone greater autonomy for reform and explore the construction of a free trade port. Innovate foreign investment methods, promote international production capacity cooperation, form a global trade, investment and financing, production and service network, and accelerate the cultivation of new advantages in international economic cooperation and competition. , Comrades! Emancipating and developing social productive forces is the essential requirement of socialism. We must stimulate the creativity and development vitality of the whole society, and strive to achieve higher quality, more efficient, fairer and more sustainable development! Sixth, improve the system of people as masters and develop socialist democratic politics. my country is a socialist country led by the working class and based on the union of workers and peasants. It is a socialist country under the people's democratic dictatorship. All state power belongs to the people. my country’s socialist democracy is the broadest, most authentic, and most effective democracy that safeguards the fundamental interests of the people. The development of socialist democratic politics is to embody the will of the people, protect the rights and interests of the people, stimulate the creativity of the people, and use the system to ensure that the people are the masters of the country. The political development path of socialism with Chinese characteristics is an inevitable result of the historical logic, theoretical logic, and practical logic of the Chinese people's long-term struggle since modern times. There is no identical political system model in the world. The political system cannot be judged abstractly from specific social and political conditions and historical and cultural traditions.Institutional models, political systems cannot be judged abstractly from specific social and political conditions and historical and cultural traditions, cannot be fixed in one respect, and cannot rigidly emulate foreign political system models. We must uphold and continuously develop our country’s socialist democratic politics, actively and steadily advance the reform of the political system, promote the institutionalization, standardization, and proceduralization of socialist democratic politics, and ensure that the people manage state affairs and economic and cultural undertakings through various channels and forms. Manage social affairs, consolidate and develop a lively, stable and united political situation. (1) Uphold the organic unity of the party's leadership, the people being the masters of the country, and governing the country according to law. The party’s leadership is the fundamental guarantee for the people to be the masters of the country and to govern the country by law. The people’s ownership of the country is the essential feature of socialist democratic politics. Governing the country by law is the basic way the party leads the people to govern the country. practice. In my country's political life, the party is in a leading position. It strengthens the party's centralized and unified leadership, and supports the people's congress, government, CPPCC and courts, and procuratorates to perform their functions, perform work, and play their roles in accordance with the laws and regulations. These two aspects are unified. It is necessary to improve the party’s leadership and governance, and ensure that the party leads the people in effectively governing the country; expand the people’s orderly political participation, and ensure that the people implement democratic elections, democratic consultation, democratic decision-making, democratic management, and democratic supervision in accordance with the law; and safeguard the unity and dignity of the country’s legal system , Authority, strengthen the protection of human rights and the rule of law, and ensure that people enjoy broad rights and freedoms according to law Consolidate the grassroots political power, improve the grassroots democratic system, and protect the people’s right to know, participate, express, and supervise. Improve the decision-making mechanism in accordance with the law, and build a power operation mechanism with scientific decision-making, firm execution and strong supervision. Leading cadres at all levels should enhance democratic awareness, promote democratic style, accept people's supervision, and be good public servants. (2) Strengthen the guarantee of the people's ownership system. The people's congress system is a fundamental political system arrangement that adheres to the party's leadership, the people are the masters of the country, and the country is governed by law. It must be adhered to for a long time and continuously improved. It is necessary to support and guarantee that the people exercise state power through the people’s congress. Give play to the leading role of the National People's Congress and its Standing Committee in legislative work, improve the organization and working system of the National People's Congress, support and guarantee the NPC's exercise of legislative, supervisory, decision-making, appointment and dismissal powers in accordance with the law, and better play the role of NPC deputies to enable all levels The National People's Congress and its Standing Committee became the working organs that fully assumed the responsibilities entrusted by the Constitution and laws, and became representative organs that maintained close ties with the people. Improve the setting of the special committee of the National People's Congress and optimize the structure of the people's congress standing committee and the special committee. (3) Give play to the important role of socialist consultative democracy. Things are easy to discuss, and everything is discussed by everyone, which is the true meaning of people's democracy. Consultative democracy is an important way to realize the party's leadership, and it is a unique form and unique advantage of my country's socialist democratic politics. It is necessary to promote the extensive, multi-layered and institutionalized development of consultation democracy, and coordinate the promotion of political party consultation, people's congress consultation, government consultation, CPPCC consultation, people's group consultation, grassroots consultation and social organization consultation. Strengthen the construction of a consultative democratic system, form a complete system of procedures and participation practices, and ensure that people have the right to participate extensively and continuously in their daily political life. The People's Political Consultative Conference is an institutional arrangement with Chinese characteristics, an important channel for socialist consultative democracy and a specialized consultative body. The work of the People's Political Consultative Conference should focus on the central tasks of the party and the state, center on the two themes of unity and democracy, and implement consultative democracy throughout the entire process of political consultation, democratic supervision, and participation in the discussion and discussion of government, improve the content and form of consultation and discussion, and strive to enhance consensus and promote unity. Strengthen the democratic supervision of the People's Political Consultative Conference, with a focus on supervising the implementation of the Party's and the country's major policies and important decisions. Strengthen the representativeness of the CPPCC sector and strengthen the building of committee members. (4) Deepen the practice of governing the country according to law. Comprehensively governing the country according to law is a profound revolution in national governance. It is necessary to adhere to the rule of law and promote scientific legislation, strict law enforcement, fair justice, and law-abiding by all people. Establish a central leading group for comprehensively governing the country according to law, and strengthen unified leadership over the construction of the rule of law in China. Strengthen the implementation and supervision of the Constitution, promote the review of constitutionality, and safeguard the constitutional authority. Promote scientific legislation, democratic legislation, legislation according to law, promote development with good laws, and ensure good governance. Build a government ruled by law, promote administration according to law, and strictly regulate fair and civilized law enforcement. Deepen the comprehensive supporting reform of the judicial system, fully implement the judicial responsibility system, and strive to make the people feel fair and just in every judicial case. Strengthen the popularization of laws for the people, build a socialist culture of the rule of law, and establish the concept of the rule of law with the supremacy of the constitution and the law and equality before the law. Party organizations and all party members at all levels should take the lead in respecting the law and the law, and no organization or individual should have the privilege to transcend the constitution and laws, and must not allow the use of words to replace the law, the suppression of the law with power, the pursuit of profits and the violation of the law. , (5) Deepen institutions and operationsNo one should have the privilege of surpassing the constitutional laws, and never allow the law to be replaced by words, the power to suppress the law, the pursuit of profits and the violation of the law, and the selfishness of the law. (5) Deepen the reform of institutions and administrative systems. Overall consideration shall be given to the establishment of various institutions, the scientific allocation of power and clear responsibilities of party and government departments and internal institutions. Coordinate the use of various compilation resources, form a scientific and reasonable management system, and improve the organizational law of state institutions. Transform government functions, deepen simplification of government and decentralization, innovate supervision methods, enhance government credibility and execution, and build a service-oriented government that the people are satisfied with. Give the provincial and below governments more autonomy. In provinces, cities, and counties, party and government organs with similar functions are explored, merged, or jointly established. Deepen the reform of public institutions, strengthen the attributes of public welfare, and promote the separation of government affairs, separation of affairs and management, and separation of management. (6) Consolidate and develop the patriotic united front. The united front is an important magic weapon for the victory of the party's cause and must be persisted for a long time. We must hold high the banner of patriotism and socialism, firmly grasp the theme of great unity and unity, adhere to consistency and diversity, find the greatest common divisor, and draw the largest concentric circles. Adhere to long-term coexistence, mutual supervision, co-existence, honor and disgrace, and support democratic parties to better perform their functions in accordance with the requirements of the socialist political parties with Chinese characteristics. Fully implement the party's national policy, deepen the education of national unity and progress, strengthen the awareness of the Chinese national community, strengthen the exchanges and exchanges of all nationalities, and promote the nationalities to hug together like pomegranate seeds, to work together for common prosperity and common prosperity and development. Fully implement the party's basic policy on religious work, adhere to the Chinese orientation of religion, and actively guide religion to adapt to a socialist society. Strengthen the work of non-Party intellectuals, do a good job of new social classes, and give full play to their important role in the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics. Build a new type of political-commercial relationship that is pro-Qing, and promote the healthy development of the non-public economy and the healthy growth of non-public economy people. Broadly unite with overseas Chinese compatriots and returned overseas Chinese families, and work together for the great revival of the Chinese nation. , Comrades! The socialist political system with Chinese characteristics is a great creation of the Communist Party of China and the Chinese people. We are fully confident and able to give full play to the advantages and characteristics of our country’s socialist democratic politics, and make contributions that are full of Chinese wisdom for the progress of human political civilization! 7. Strengthen cultural self-confidence and promote the prosperity of socialist culture. Culture is the soul of a country and a nation. Culture prospering the country and prospering, culture is strong and nation is strong Without a high degree of cultural self-confidence, without cultural prosperity, there would be no great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. We must adhere to the development path of socialist culture with Chinese characteristics, inspire the nation's cultural innovation and creativity, and build a socialist cultural power. , The socialist culture with Chinese characteristics is derived from the excellent traditional Chinese culture bred by the Chinese nation for more than 5,000 years of civilization history. It is rooted in the revolutionary culture and advanced socialist culture created by the party leading the people in revolution, construction, and reform. For the great practice of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The development of socialist culture with Chinese characteristics means taking Marxism as the guide, adhering to the standpoint of Chinese culture, basing on the reality of contemporary China, and combining with the conditions of today’s times to develop a socialist culture that is modern, national, scientific, and mass-oriented. Promote the coordinated development of socialist spiritual civilization and material civilization. We must persist in serving the people and socialism, adhering to the blooming of hundreds of flowers, contending with hundreds of schools, adhering to creative transformation and innovative development, and constantly casting new glory of Chinese culture. , (1) Firmly grasp the leadership of ideological work. Ideology determines the direction of cultural advancement and the path of development. It is necessary to promote the popularization of Marxism in China and build a socialist ideology with strong cohesiveness and leadership, so that all the people are firmly united in ideals, beliefs, values ​​and moral concepts. It is necessary to strengthen theoretical arming and promote the thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era. Deepen the research and construction of Marxist theory, accelerate the construction of philosophy and social sciences with Chinese characteristics, and strengthen the construction of new think tanks with Chinese characteristics. Adhere to the correct orientation of public opinion, attach great importance to the construction and innovation of communication methods, and improve the publicity, guidance, influence, and credibility of news public opinion. Strengthen the construction of Internet content, establish a comprehensive network management system, and create a clear network space. Implement the ideological work responsibility system, strengthen the construction and management of positions, pay attention to distinguishing between political principles, ideological understanding, and academic views, and clearly oppose and resist various wrong views. (2) Cultivate and practice the core values ​​of socialism. The core values ​​of socialism are a concentrated expression of the spirit of contemporary China, condensing the common value pursuit of all people. Focus on cultivating the newcomers of the era who are in charge of national rejuvenation, strengthen education guidance, practice development, and system guarantees, and give play to the core values ​​of socialism for national education, the creation of spiritual civilization, and the creation and production of spiritual and cultural productsEducation guidance, practice development, system guarantee, give play to the leading role of socialist core values ​​in national education, the creation of spiritual civilization, the production and spread of spiritual cultural products, and integrate the socialist core values ​​into all aspects of social development and transform them into people’s emotions Identity and behavior habits. Insist on the action of the whole people and take the lead of cadres, starting from the family and starting from the baby. Dig deeper into the ideological concepts, humanistic spirit, and moral standards contained in China's excellent traditional culture, and combine with the requirements of the times to inherit and innovate, so that Chinese culture can display permanent charm and style. (3) Strengthen ideological and moral construction. The people have faith, the country has power, and the nation has hope. It is necessary to improve the people's ideological consciousness, moral standards, and civilization literacy, and raise the level of civilization in the whole society. Carry out education on ideals and beliefs extensively, deepen socialist education with Chinese characteristics and Chinese dreams, promote national spirit and the spirit of the times, strengthen education on patriotism, collectivism, and socialism, and guide people to establish a correct historical outlook, national outlook, national outlook, and culture View. In-depth implementation of the civic ethics construction project, promote social ethics, professional ethics, family virtues, and personal ethics, encourage people to be kind, filial to the elderly, loyal to the motherland, and the people. Strengthen and improve ideological and political work, and deepen the creation of mass spiritual civilization. Promote the spirit of science, popularize scientific knowledge, carry out actions to change customs, promote the new style of the times, and resist the decadent and backward cultural erosion. Promote the construction of integrity and institutionalization of volunteer services, and strengthen the sense of social responsibility, rules, and dedication. (4) Prosperity and development of socialist literature and art. Socialist literature and art are the literature and art of the people, and we must adhere to the people-centered creative direction and carry out the creation of literature and art that is worthy of the times in the depth of life and rooting in the people. To prosper literary and artistic creation, adhere to the unity of deep thinking, exquisite art, and excellent production, strengthen the creation of realistic themes, and constantly launch high-quality masterpieces of the Acura Party, Acura Motherland, Acura People, Acura Heroes. Promote academic democracy and artistic democracy, enhance the originality of literature and art, and promote the innovation of literature and art. Advocate to talk about taste, style, responsibility, and resist vulgar, vulgar, kitsch. Strengthen the construction of the literary and artistic team, create a large number of famous masters of German art and Shuangxin, and cultivate a large number of high-level creative talents. (5) Promote the development of cultural undertakings and cultural industries. To meet the new expectations of the people for a better life, we must provide rich spiritual food. We must deepen the reform of the cultural system, improve the cultural management system, and accelerate the establishment of a system that puts social benefits first and integrates social and economic benefits. Improve the public cultural service system, implement the project of benefiting the people deeply, and enrich the mass cultural activities. Strengthen the protection and utilization of cultural relics and the protection and inheritance of cultural heritage. Improve the modern cultural industry system and market system, innovate production and operation mechanisms, improve cultural and economic policies, and cultivate new cultural formats. Carry out extensive national fitness activities, accelerate the construction of a strong sports nation, and plan well for the Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games. Strengthen the cultural exchanges between China and foreign countries. Promote the construction of international communication capabilities, tell Chinese stories well, present a true, three-dimensional, and comprehensive China, and improve the national cultural soft power. , Comrades! Since its founding, the Communist Party of China has been an active leader and practitioner of China's advanced culture, as well as a loyal inheritor and advocate of China's outstanding traditional culture. Contemporary Chinese Communists and the Chinese people should and must be able to take on a new cultural mission, carry out cultural creation in practical creation, and achieve cultural progress in historical progress! 8. To improve security and improve people's livelihood, and to strengthen and innovate social governance, the entire party must bear in mind that the question of people is the touchstone for testing the nature of a political party and a political power. Leading the people to create a better life is the unremitting goal of our party. We must always place the interests of the people in the supremacy, let reform and development gain more and more fair benefits to all people, and make continuous progress toward achieving common prosperity for all people. To ensure and improve people's livelihood, we must seize the most direct and realistic interest issues that people care about most, and do our best to do our best. We will do one thing after another and do it year after year. Adhere to the responsibility of everyone, enjoy everyone, stick to the bottom line, highlight the key points, improve the system, guide expectations, improve the public service system, protect the basic life of the masses, continue to meet the people’s growing needs for a better life, and continue to promote social fairness and justice, and form an effective Social governance and good social order make people feel more fulfilled, happy, and secure, more secure, and more sustainable. (1) Give priority to the development of education. Building a strong education nation is the basic project of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. We must give priority to education, deepen education reform, accelerate education modernization, and run education that the people are satisfied with. We must fully implement the party's education policy, implement the fundamental task of establishing morality, develop quality education, and promote education equity.Modernize, and run a satisfactory education for the people. It is necessary to fully implement the party's education policy, implement the fundamental task of establishing a virtue, develop quality education, promote education equity, and train socialist builders and successors for the overall development of virtue, wisdom, physical beauty. Promote the integrated development of urban and rural compulsory education, attach great importance to rural compulsory education, do a good job of pre-school education, special education and online education, popularize high school education, and strive to allow every child to enjoy a fair and quality education. Improve the vocational education and training system, deepen the integration of industry and education, and school-enterprise cooperation. Accelerate the construction of first-class universities and first-class disciplines to achieve the connotative development of higher education. Improve the student financial aid system so that the vast majority of the newly-increased labor force in urban and rural areas will receive high school education and more education. Support and regulate social forces to establish education. Strengthen the construction of teachers' ethics and ethics, cultivate a team of high-quality teachers, and advocate respect for teachers throughout the society. Continuing education should be run well, speed up the construction of a learning society, and vigorously improve the quality of the people. (2) Improve the quality of employment and the income level of the people. Employment is the biggest livelihood. We must adhere to the employment priority strategy and active employment policy to achieve higher quality and fuller employment. Carry out vocational skills training on a large scale, focus on solving structural employment contradictions, and encourage entrepreneurship to drive employment. Provide a full range of public employment services to promote multi-channel employment and entrepreneurship of college graduates and other youth groups and migrant workers. Eliminate the shortcomings of the system and mechanism that hinder the social mobility of labor and talent, so that everyone has the opportunity to achieve their own development through hard work. Improve the consultation and coordination mechanism involving the government, trade unions, and enterprises to build a harmonious labor relationship. Adhere to the principle of distribution according to work, improve the system of distribution according to factors, and promote more reasonable and orderly income distribution. Encourage hard work to abide by the law, expand middle-income groups, increase the income of low-income people, regulate excessively high income, and ban illegal income. Adhere to the simultaneous growth of residents' income while economic growth, and the simultaneous increase of labor compensation while labor productivity increases. Broaden the channels for residents' labor income and property income. Perform the government's redistribution adjustment function, accelerate the equalization of basic public services, and narrow the income distribution gap. (3) Strengthen the construction of social security system. According to the requirements of the bottom line, weaving the dense network, and the construction mechanism, a multi-level social security system covering the whole people, urban and rural co-ordination, clear powers and responsibilities, appropriate protection, and sustainability is fully established. Fully implement the plan for universal participation. We will improve the basic pension insurance system for urban employees and the basic pension insurance system for urban and rural residents, and implement national pension insurance planning as soon as possible. Improve the unified basic medical insurance system and serious illness insurance system for urban and rural residents. Improve the unemployment and work injury insurance system. Establish a unified national social insurance public service platform. Coordinate the urban and rural social assistance system and improve the minimum living security system. Adhere to the basic national policy of equality between men and women, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of women and children. Improve social assistance, social welfare, charity, preferential treatment and other systems, and improve the care service system for rural left-behind children, women, and the elderly. Develop the cause of the disabled and strengthen the rehabilitation service for the disabled. Adhere to the positioning that the house is used for living, not for speculation, and accelerate the establishment of a housing system with multi-subject supply, multi-channel security, and simultaneous rent and purchase, so that all people can live and live. (4) Resolutely win the battle against poverty. It is the solemn commitment of our party to allow poor people and poverty-stricken areas to enter the comprehensive well-off society with the whole country. It is necessary to mobilize the whole party and the whole society of the country, adhere to the targeted poverty alleviation and precise poverty alleviation, adhere to the work mechanism of the central government and the provinces and cities responsible for the implementation of the overall responsibility, strengthen the responsibility system of the party and government as the overall responsibility, adhere to the pattern of major poverty alleviation, and focus on poverty alleviation. Combining Zhizhi and Fuzhi, in-depth implementation of the poverty alleviation cooperation between the East and the West, focusing on the task of poverty alleviation in the deepest poverty-stricken areas, to ensure that by 2020, the poverty-stricken rural population will achieve poverty alleviation. Poverty, get rid of real poverty, really get rid of poverty. , (5) Implement a healthy China strategy. People's health is an important symbol of national prosperity and national prosperity. It is necessary to improve the national health policy and provide the people with a full range of full-cycle health services. Deepen the reform of the medical and health system, comprehensively establish a basic medical and health system with Chinese characteristics, a medical security system and a high-quality and efficient medical and health service system, and improve the modern hospital management system. Strengthen the basic medical and health service system and the construction of the team of general practitioners. Completely abolish medicine to raise medicine, and improve the medicine supply guarantee system. Persist in prevention, develop patriotic health campaigns in depth, advocate healthy and civilized lifestyles, and prevent and control major diseases. Implement a food safety strategy to reassure the people. Adhere to the importance of both Chinese and Western medicine and inherit and develop the cause of traditional Chinese medicine. Support the society to run medical services and develop the health industry. Promote the linkage between maternity policies and related economic and social policies, and strengthen research on population development strategies. Actively respond to the aging population, build a policy system and social environment for pension, filial piety, and respect for the elderly, promote the integration of medical and nursing, and accelerateStrengthen research on population development strategies. Actively respond to the aging population, build a policy system and social environment for pension, filial piety, and respect for the elderly, promote the integration of medical and nursing, and accelerate the development of aging undertakings and industries. (6) Create a social governance pattern of joint construction, co-governance and sharing. Strengthen the construction of social governance system, improve the social governance system of party committee leadership, government responsibility, social coordination, public participation, and rule of law guarantee, and improve the level of social governance socialization, rule of law, intelligence, and specialization. Strengthen the construction of mechanisms to prevent and resolve social contradictions, and correctly handle contradictions among the people. Establish the concept of safety development, promote the idea of ​​life first, safety first, improve the public safety system, improve the safety production responsibility system, resolutely curb the major safety accidents, and improve disaster prevention and mitigation capabilities. Accelerate the construction of social security prevention and control system, crack down and punish illegal activities such as pornography, gambling, drug abuse and black abduction in accordance with law, and protect people's personal rights, property rights, and personality rights. Strengthen the construction of social psychological service system and cultivate self-esteem, self-confidence, rational peace, and positive social attitude. Strengthen the construction of the community governance system, push the focus of social governance down to the grassroots level, play the role of social organization, and realize the benign interaction between government governance and social regulation and residents’ autonomy. , (7) Effectively maintain national security. National security is an important cornerstone of Anbang's determination of the country, and maintaining national security is where the fundamental interests of the people of all ethnic groups lie. It is necessary to improve the national security strategy and national security policy, resolutely maintain national political security, and coordinate and advance various security work. Improve the national security system, strengthen the national security legal guarantee, and improve the ability to prevent and resist security risks. Strictly guard against and resolutely combat all kinds of infiltration, subversion, sabotage, violent and terrorist activities, ethnic separatist activities, and religious extreme activities. Strengthen national security education, enhance the national security awareness of the entire party and the people, and promote the formation of a strong joint force for the maintenance of national security in the whole society. , Comrades! All the work of the party must take the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people as the highest standard. We must insist on taking the small things of the masses as our own major affairs, starting from the things that the masses care about, starting from the things that satisfy the masses, and leading the people to create a better life! 9. Accelerate the reform of the ecological civilization system and build a beautiful China. Man and nature are communities of life. Mankind must respect nature, adapt to it, and protect it. Humans can only effectively prevent detours in the development and utilization of nature by following the laws of nature. Human damage to nature will eventually harm humans. This is an irresistible law. , The modernization we want to build is the modernization of the harmonious coexistence between man and nature. We must not only create more material and spiritual wealth to meet the people’s growing needs for a better life, but also provide more high-quality ecological products to meet the people’s growing beauty. Ecological environment needs. We must adhere to the principle of giving priority to conservation, conservation and natural restoration, and form a spatial pattern, industrial structure, production method, and lifestyle that conserve resources and protect the environment. Naturally, it is peaceful, harmonious, and beautiful. , (1) Promote green development. Accelerate the establishment of legal systems and policy guidance for green production and consumption, and establish and improve an economic system of green and low-carbon recycling development. Build a market-oriented green technology innovation system, develop green finance, and strengthen the energy conservation and environmental protection industry, clean production industry, and clean energy industry. Promote the revolution in energy production and consumption, and build a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient energy system. Promote the comprehensive conservation and recycling of resources, implement national water-saving actions, reduce energy and material consumption, and achieve a circular link between production systems and living systems. Promote a simple and moderate, green and low-carbon lifestyle, oppose extravagance and waste and unreasonable consumption, and carry out actions such as creating economical institutions, green families, green schools, green communities, and green travel. (2) Focus on solving outstanding environmental problems. Adhere to the rule of the whole people, prevention and control at the source, continue to implement air pollution prevention actions, and win the blue sky defense battle. Accelerate the prevention and control of water pollution and implement comprehensive management of the watershed environment and coastal waters. Strengthen soil pollution control and remediation, strengthen agricultural non-point source pollution prevention and control, and carry out rural human settlement environment improvement actions. Strengthen solid waste and garbage disposal. Improve pollution discharge standards, strengthen polluters' responsibilities, and improve systems such as environmental protection credit evaluation, mandatory information disclosure, and severe penalties. Build an environmental governance system with the government as the lead, the enterprise as the main body, social organizations and the public. Actively participate in global environmental governance and implement emission reduction commitments. (3) Increase the protection of ecosystems. Implement important projects for the protection and restoration of important ecosystems, optimize the ecological security barrier system, build ecological corridors and biodiversity protection networks, and improve the quality and stability of ecosystems. The three control lines of ecological protection red line, permanent basic farmland and urban development boundary were completed. Carry out national greening actions, promote comprehensive management of desertification, rocky desertification, and soil erosion, strengthen wetland protection and restoration, and strengthen geological disastersLine delineation work. Carry out national greening actions, promote comprehensive management of desertification, rocky desertification, and soil erosion, strengthen wetland protection and restoration, and strengthen geological disaster prevention. Improve the natural forest protection system and expand the conversion of farmland to forests and grasslands. Strictly protect the cultivated land, expand the rotation crop fallow pilot, improve the cultivated land, grassland, forests, rivers and lakes rest system, and establish a market-oriented and diversified ecological compensation mechanism. (4) Reform the ecological environment supervision system. Strengthen the overall design and organizational leadership of the construction of ecological civilization, establish state-owned natural resource asset management and natural ecological supervision institutions, improve the ecological environment management system, uniformly exercise the responsibilities of all natural resource asset owners of the whole people, and uniformly exercise all national space and space use control and ecology Protect and repair responsibilities, and uniformly exercise the responsibilities of supervising urban and rural pollution and administrative law enforcement. Establish a national land space development and protection system, improve the supporting policies for the main functional areas, and establish a system of natural reserves with national parks as the main body. Resolutely stop and punish acts that damage the ecological environment. , Comrades! The construction of ecological civilization is of great benefit in the contemporary era. We must firmly establish a socialist concept of ecological civilization, promote the formation of a new pattern of harmonious development of human beings and nature, modernize construction, and make efforts of our generation to protect the ecological environment! 10. Tenth, adhere to the road of strengthening the army with Chinese characteristics, comprehensively promote the modernization of national defense and the army, national defense and army building is standing at a new historical starting point. Facing the profound changes in the national security environment and the requirements of the times for strengthening the country and the army, we must fully implement the thinking of the party’s strong army in the new era, implement the military strategic policy in the new situation, and build a powerful modern army, navy, air force, rocket army and Strategic support forces, build a strong and efficient theater joint operations command structure, build a modern combat system with Chinese characteristics, and shoulder the mission of the new era entrusted by the party and the people. To adapt to the development trend of the world's new military revolution and national security needs, improve the quality and efficiency of construction, and ensure that mechanization will be basically achieved by 2020, major progress will be made in information construction, and strategic capabilities will be greatly improved. Consistent with the process of national modernization, comprehensively promote the modernization of military theory, modernization of military organization, modernization of military personnel, and modernization of weapons and equipment, and strive to basically realize the modernization of national defense and the army by 2035, and to build the people's army into the world by the middle of this century First-class army. , Strengthen the party building of the army, carry out the theme education of "inheriting the red gene, take the responsibility of strengthening the army", promote the construction of the soldier honor system, cultivate the new era revolutionary soldiers with soul, ability, blood and morality, and maintain the nature of the people's army , Purpose, true color. Continue to deepen the reform of national defense and the army, deepen the reform of major policy systems such as the professional system of military officers, the system of civilian personnel, and the military service system, advance the revolution in military management, and improve and develop the socialist military system with Chinese characteristics. Establishing the idea that science and technology are the core fighting power, promoting major technological innovation and independent innovation, strengthening the construction of a military personnel training system, and building an innovative people's army. Strictly manage the army in an all-round way, promote a fundamental change in the way of managing the army, and raise the level of legalization in national defense and army building. The army is ready to fight, and all work must adhere to the standard of combat effectiveness, focusing on being able to fight and win. Make solid preparations for military struggles in all strategic directions, coordinate the advancement of military struggle preparations in the traditional and new security fields, develop new combat forces and support forces, carry out actual military training, strengthen the use of military forces, accelerate the development of military intelligence, and increase The joint combat capability and global combat capability of the network information system can effectively shape the situation, control the crisis, contain the war, and win the war. , Adhere to the unity of the rich country and the strong army, strengthen unified leadership, top-level design, reform and innovation and the implementation of major projects, deepen the reform of the national defense science and technology industry, form an in-depth development pattern of military-civilian integration, and build an integrated national strategic system and capabilities. Improve the national defense mobilization system and build a strong and stable modern border, sea, and air defense. Form a management and support organization for retired soldiers, safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of military personnel, and make soldiers a profession respected by the whole society. Deepen the reform of the armed police force and build a modern armed police force. , Comrades! Our army is the people's army, and our national defense is national defense. We must strengthen national defense education for the whole people, consolidate the military, political, military and civilian unity, and consolidate powerful forces for the realization of the Chinese dream of strengthening the military! XI. Adhere to "one country, two systems" and promote the reunification of the motherland. Since the return of Hong Kong and Macao to the motherland, the practice of "one country, two systems" has achieved worldwide success. Facts have proved that "one country, two systems" is the best solution to the problems of Hong Kong and Macao left over from history, as well as the best system for maintaining long-term prosperity and stability after the return of Hong Kong and Macao. To maintain the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong and Macao, we must comprehensively and accurately implement the policies of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong", "Australian people ruling Macao", and a high degree of autonomy.Accurately implement the policies of "one country, two systems", "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong", "Australian people ruling Macao", and a high degree of autonomy, strictly follow the Constitution and the Basic Law, and improve the systems and mechanisms related to the implementation of the Basic Law. It is necessary to support the government of the Special Administrative Region and the Chief Executive to act in accordance with the law and actively act, unite and lead people from all walks of life in Hong Kong and Macao to work together to promote development, promote harmony, protect and improve people's livelihood, promote democracy in an orderly manner, maintain social stability, and fulfill the maintenance of national sovereignty, security, Constitutional responsibility for development interests. The development of Hong Kong and Macau is closely linked to the development of the mainland. To support the integration of Hong Kong and Macao into the overall national development, focusing on the construction of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao cooperation, Pan-Pearl River Delta regional cooperation, etc., comprehensively promote mutually beneficial cooperation between the Mainland and Hong Kong and Macau, and formulate and improve the convenience of Hong Kong and Macao residents in the Mainland Policy measures for development. We adhere to the "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong" and "Australian people ruling Macao" with patriots as the main body, develop and strengthen the power of patriotism and love for Hong Kong and Macao, enhance the national consciousness and patriotic spirit of compatriots in Hong Kong and Macao, and allow compatriots in Hong Kong and Macao to share with the motherland Take the historical responsibility of national rejuvenation and share the great glory of the prosperity of the motherland. To resolve the Taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland is the common aspiration of all Chinese children and the fundamental interests of the Chinese nation. We must continue to adhere to the "peaceful reunification, one country, two systems" principle, promote the peaceful development of cross-strait relations, and advance the process of peaceful reunification of the motherland. The one-China principle is the political foundation of cross-strait relations. The "92 Consensus" embodying the one-China principle clearly defines the fundamental nature of cross-strait relations and is the key to ensuring the peaceful development of cross-strait relations. Recognizing the historical facts of the "1992 Consensus" and recognizing that the two sides of the strait belong to one China, both sides of the strait can initiate dialogues and negotiate to resolve issues of concern to compatriots on both sides of the strait, and there will be no obstacles for any political parties and groups in Taiwan to interact with the mainland. The compatriots on both sides of the strait are brothers of destiny and flesh and blood, and a family whose blood is thicker than water. Adhering to the concept of "family on both sides of the strait", we respect Taiwan's existing social system and the way of life of Taiwan compatriots, and we are willing to take the lead in sharing opportunities for mainland development with Taiwan compatriots. We will expand cross-strait economic and cultural exchanges and cooperation, achieve mutual benefit, and gradually provide Taiwan compatriots with the same treatment as mainland compatriots in studying, entrepreneurship, employment, and life on the mainland, and enhance the well-being of Taiwan compatriots. We will promote compatriots on both sides of the strait to jointly promote Chinese culture and promote spiritual harmony. , We resolutely safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity and will never tolerate the recurrence of the historical tragedy of national division. All activities to split the motherland will surely be firmly opposed by all Chinese. We have a firm will, full confidence, and sufficient ability to thwart any form of "Taiwan independence" separatist plot. We will never allow anyone, any organization, any political party, at any time, in any form, to split any piece of Chinese territory from China! , Comrades! To realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is the common dream of all Chinese people. We firmly believe that as long as all Chinese children, including compatriots from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan, conform to the historical trend, share the national righteousness, and firmly control the national destiny in their own hands, we will be able to create a bright future for the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation! XII. Adhere to the path of peaceful development and promote the building of a community with a shared future for mankind. The Communist Party of China is a political party that seeks happiness for the Chinese people and a party that strives for human progress. The Communist Party of China has always made it its mission to make new and greater contributions to mankind. , China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and win-win, abide by the foreign policy objectives of maintaining world peace and promoting common development, and unswervingly develop friendly cooperation with other countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and promote mutual respect , Fairness and justice, a new type of international relations of win-win cooperation. The world is in a period of great development, major changes, and major adjustments. Peace and development remain the themes of the times. The global multi-polarization, economic globalization, social informatization, and cultural diversification are developing in depth. The global governance system and the reform of the international order are accelerating. The interconnection and interdependence of countries are deepening. The balance of international power is becoming more balanced. The trend of peaceful development is irreversible. At the same time, the instability and uncertainty facing the world is outstanding, the world’s economic growth momentum is insufficient, the rich and the poor are becoming more and more serious, regional hotspot issues are emerging, and non-traditional security threats such as terrorism, cybersecurity, major infectious diseases, and climate change continue to spread. Humanity faces many common challenges. , The world we live in is full of hope and challenge. We cannot give up our dreams because of the complexity of reality, and we cannot give up our pursuits because of the distant ideals. No country can cope with the challenges facing mankind alone, and no country can retreat to a self-enclosed island. We call on people of all countries to work together to build a community with a shared future for mankind, and to build a world of lasting peace, universal security, common prosperity, openness, tolerance, and clean beauty. Mutual respect and equalityTo build a community with a shared future for mankind and build a world of lasting peace, universal security, common prosperity, openness and tolerance, and a clean and beautiful world. We must respect each other, negotiate on an equal footing, resolutely abandon the Cold War mentality and power politics, and follow the new path of country-to-state exchanges without dialogue, confrontation, partnership, and alliance. It is necessary to persist in resolving disputes through dialogue and resolve differences through consultation, coping with traditional and non-traditional security threats, and opposing all forms of terrorism. We must work together to promote trade and investment liberalization and facilitation, and promote economic globalization in a more open, inclusive, inclusive, balanced, and win-win direction. We must respect the diversity of world civilizations, use civilization exchange to transcend civilization barriers, learn from each other, transcend civilization conflicts, and coexist civilizations to transcend civilization superiority. We must adhere to environmental friendliness, cooperate to cope with climate change, and protect the earth's homeland on which humanity depends. China firmly pursues an independent and peaceful foreign policy, respects the rights of peoples of all countries to choose their own development path, safeguards international fairness and justice, opposes imposing their will on others, opposes interference in other countries’ internal affairs, and opposes bullying. China will never develop itself at the expense of the interests of other countries, nor will it give up its legitimate rights and interests. No one should fantasize about letting China swallow the bitter fruits that harm its own interests. China pursues a defensive national defense policy. China's development does not pose a threat to any country. No matter how far China develops, it will never seek hegemony or expansion. , China actively develops global partnerships, expands the intersection of interests with other countries, promotes coordination and cooperation among major powers, builds an overall stable and balanced development framework for relations among major powers, and follows the concept of sincerity and tolerance and good neighbors and neighbors as partners The diplomatic policy deepens relations with neighboring countries, upholds the concept of righteousness, benefit and true sincerity and strengthens solidarity and cooperation with developing countries. Strengthen exchanges and cooperation with political parties and political organizations in various countries, and promote foreign exchanges between the National People's Congress, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, the military, localities, and people's organizations. , China adheres to the basic national policy of opening to the outside world, insists on opening up the country to engage in construction, actively promotes the “Belt and Road” international cooperation, strives to achieve policy communication, facility connectivity, smooth trade, capital and financial links, and people’s hearts, creating a new platform for international cooperation and adding common development new motivation. Increase aid to developing countries, especially the least developed countries, and promote the narrowing of the North-South development gap. China supports the multilateral trading system, promotes the construction of free trade zones, and promotes the construction of an open world economy. , China upholds the global governance concept of mutual consultation, joint construction and sharing, advocates the democratization of international relations, insists that the country is equal regardless of size, strength and weakness, rich and poor, supports the United Nations in playing an active role, and supports the expansion of developing countries’ representation in international affairs Sex and voice. China will continue to play the role of a responsible big country, actively participate in the reform and construction of the global governance system, and continue to contribute to China’s wisdom and strength. , Comrades! The destiny of the world is in the hands of people of all countries, and the future of mankind depends on the choice of people of all countries. The Chinese people are willing to work with the people of other countries to promote the building of a community of shared future for mankind and create a better future for mankind! XIII. Unswervingly and comprehensively administer the party strictly and continuously improve the party's ruling ability and leadership level. Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era. Our party must have new behavior and new actions. The iron must be hard by itself. If the party is to unite and lead the people in a great struggle, advance a great cause, and realize a great dream, it must unswervingly adhere to and improve the party's leadership, and unwaveringly build the party more powerfully. , Comprehensively and strictly govern the party is always on the way. A political party, a political power, its future and destiny depends on the people's back. What the people oppose and hate, we must resolutely prevent and correct. The whole party must be soberly aware that the ruling environment our party is facing is complicated, and the factors that affect the party’s advanced nature and weaken the party’s purity are also complicated. The party’s existing impure thoughts, impure organization, impure style, etc. The outstanding problems have not been fundamentally resolved. We must have a profound understanding of the long-term and complex nature of the tests of governance, reform and opening up, market economy, and external environment that the party faces, and the sharpness of the dangers of spiritual slackness, lack of ability, danger from the masses, and danger of negative corruption facing the party And seriousness, adhere to the problem-oriented, maintain strategic determination, and promote the comprehensive and strict development of the party in depth. The general requirements for party building in the new era are: adhere to and strengthen the party’s overall leadership, adhere to the party’s need to manage the party, and strictly manage the party in an all-round way, strengthen the party’s long-term ruling ability, advancement and purity, and take the party as the main line The political construction of the party is the leader, based on the firm ideals and beliefs and the foundation, with the enthusiasm, initiative and creativity of the whole party as the focus, comprehensively promote the party’s political construction, ideological construction, organizational construction, style construction, discipline construction, and system construction. Throughout it, advance the fight against corruption in depth, continuously improve the quality of party building, and make party building always be at the forefront of the times, the people wholeheartedly support and courageouslyDesigned to run through it, deepen the fight against corruption, continuously improve the quality of party building, and build the party into a Marxist ruling party that has always been at the forefront of the times, the people wholeheartedly support, be brave to self-revolution, stand the test of various storms, and be energetic . (1) Put the party's political construction first. Clearly speaking, politics is the fundamental requirement of our party as a Marxist party. The party's political construction is the party's fundamental construction and determines the direction and effect of party construction. It is the primary task of the party's political construction to ensure that the entire party obey the central government, adhere to the authority of the party central committee and centralize unified leadership. The whole party must firmly implement the party's political line, strictly abide by political discipline and political rules, and maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee on political positions, political directions, political principles, and political roads. We should respect the party constitution, strictly implement certain principles of political life within the party under the new situation, enhance the political nature, times, principles, and combativeness of the political life within the party, consciously resist the erosion of the party life by the principle of commodity exchange, and create a fresh air. Positive good political ecology. Improve and implement the various systems of democratic centralism, and adhere to the combination of concentration on the basis of democracy and democracy under centralized guidance, which not only fully promotes democracy, but is also good at centralized reunification. Promote the values ​​of loyalty, honesty, fairness, truth-seeking, honesty and integrity, resolutely prevent and oppose individualism, decentralization, liberalism, self-centeredness, and good humanism, resolutely prevent and oppose sectarianism, circle culture, and dock culture, and resolutely oppose bifacialism , Be a two-faced person. All party comrades, especially senior cadres, should strengthen the training of party spirit, continuously improve their political consciousness and political abilities, take loyalty to the party, share sorrow for the party, due diligence for the party, and benefit the people as the fundamental political responsibility, and always maintain the political qualities of the communists. (2) Arm the whole party with the socialist ideology with Chinese characteristics in the new era. Ideological construction is the basic construction of the party. The revolutionary ideal is higher than the sky. The lofty ideal of communism and the common ideal of socialism with Chinese characteristics are the spiritual pillar and political soul of the Chinese Communists and the ideological basis for maintaining the unity and unity of the party. We must take firm ideals and beliefs as the primary task of the party’s ideological construction, educate and guide the whole party to bear in mind the party’s purpose, stand up to the spiritual backbone of the Communists, solve the "master switch" problem of world outlook, outlook on life, and values, and consciously do communism A firm believer and loyal practitioner of the lofty ideal and the common ideal of socialism with Chinese characteristics. Promote the Marxist style of study, promote the normalization of the "two studies and one do" learning education system, focus on leading cadres at or above the county level, carry out the theme of "not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission" throughout the party, armed with the party's innovative theory Mind, to promote the whole party to make more conscious efforts to realize the historical mission of the party in the new era. (3) Build a team of high-quality professional cadres. Party cadres are the backbone of the cause of the party and the state. We must uphold the party's principle of managing cadres, adhere to both virtue and integrity, prioritize virtue, adhere to the principle of merits and merits, uphold the cause of work, be fair and decent, and implement good cadre standards. Adhere to the correct orientation of selecting and employing people, rectify the attitude of selecting and employing people, highlight political standards, promote and reuse firmly establish the "four consciousnesses" and "four self-confidences", resolutely maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee, fully implement the party's theories and line policies, Loyal, clean and responsible cadres, select excellent and strong leaders at all levels. Pay attention to cultivating professional ability and professional spirit, and enhance the ability of the cadre team to adapt to the development requirements of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era. We will vigorously discover and reserve young cadres, pay attention to the training and training of young cadres at the grass-roots level and in difficult places, and continuously select and use outstanding young cadres that have been tested in practice. Make overall plans to train and select female cadres, minority cadres and non-party cadres. Do a good job of retired cadres. Adhere to the combination of strict management and love, encouragement and restraint, improve the cadre assessment and evaluation mechanism, establish an incentive mechanism and a fault-tolerance and error correction mechanism, and have a clear banner to support those cadres who dare to take responsibility, do things practically, and do not seek private gains. Party organizations at all levels should care for and care for grassroots cadres and take the initiative to solve their problems. , Talent is a strategic resource to realize national rejuvenation and win the initiative of international competition. We must uphold the party's principle of managing talents, gather talents from all over the world and use them to accelerate the building of a talented country. Implement a more active, more open and more effective talent policy, with the insight of talents, the sincerity of talents, the courage to use talents, the elegance of tolerance, the good way of gathering talents, to integrate the inside and outside of the party, domestic and foreign Excellent talents from all walks of life are gathered in the great struggle of the party and the people, encouraging and guiding talents to flow to remote and poor areas, frontier ethnic areas, old revolutionary bases and grassroots, and strive to form a desire for success, everyone strives for success, and everyone can The good situation of talents and everyone's ability to show their talents allows the creative energy of all kinds of talents to burst out, and the wisdom and talents will fully flow. (4) Strengthen the construction of grassroots organizations. The party's grassroots organization is to ensure the party's line policyThe creative energy of the talents is rushing out, and the ingenuity is full. (4) Strengthen the construction of grassroots organizations. The party's grassroots organizations are the basis for ensuring the implementation of the party's line, principles, policies and decision-making. Focus on improving organizational power, highlight political functions, and build grass-roots party organizations such as enterprises, rural areas, institutions, schools, scientific research institutes, street communities, and social organizations into propaganda party ideas, implement party decisions, lead grass-roots governance, A strong fighting bastion for uniting the masses and mobilizing the masses to promote reform and development. Party branches must shoulder the responsibilities of directly educating party members, managing party members, supervising party members and organizing the masses, publicizing the masses, rallying the masses, serving the masses, and guiding the broad masses of party members to play a vanguard and exemplary role. Adhere to the "three meetings and one lesson" system, promote the establishment of grassroots party organizations and innovations in activity methods, strengthen the building of leaders of grassroots party organizations, expand the coverage of grassroots party organizations, and focus on solving the problems of weakening, falsification, and marginalization of some grassroots party organizations. Expand grassroots democracy within the party, promote openness of party affairs, unblock the channels for party members to participate in party affairs, supervise party organizations and cadres, and provide opinions and suggestions to higher-level party organizations. Pay attention to the development of party members from industrial workers, young farmers, high-knowledge groups and in non-public economic organizations and social organizations. Strengthen incentives and care within the party. Strengthen the pertinence and effectiveness of the education and management of party members, and carry out the organization and disposal of unqualified party members in an orderly and orderly manner. , (5) Persevere in discipline and discipline. Our party comes from the people, roots the people, and serves the people. Once they are separated from the masses, they will lose their vitality. To strengthen the construction of work style, we must closely focus on maintaining the flesh-and-blood ties between the party and the people, enhance the people's concepts and feelings, and constantly build the party's ruling mass foundation. All issues that the masses reflect strongly must be taken seriously, and actions that harm the interests of the masses must be resolutely corrected. Adhere to the above rate, consolidate and expand the spiritual achievements of the eight central regulations, continue to rectify the "four winds" issue, and resolutely oppose privileged thinking and privileged phenomena. Emphasis will be placed on strengthening political discipline and organizational discipline, and driving integrity discipline, mass discipline, work discipline, and life discipline. Persist in carrying out criticism and self-criticism, insist on punishment before and after, cure and save people, use the "four forms" of supervision and discipline, and grasp the early and the small. Party groups with cadre management authority are given appropriate disciplinary authority to strengthen supervision and accountability. Strengthen discipline education, strengthen discipline execution, and let party members and cadres know awe, stay awake, keep the bottom line, and get used to working and living in a supervised and constrained environment. (6) Winning an overwhelming victory in the fight against corruption. The people hate corruption the most, and corruption is the biggest threat our party faces. Only with the tenacity and perseverance of anti-corruption always on the road, deepening both the symptoms and the root causes, and ensuring the integrity of cadres, the integrity of the government, and the clarity of politics can we jump out of the historical cycle rate and ensure the long-term stability of the party and the country. At present, the situation of the fight against corruption is still grim and complex, and the determination to consolidate the overwhelming posture and win overwhelming victory must be rock solid. We must insist on no-restricted areas, full coverage, and zero tolerance, insist on heavy containment, strong pressure, and long-term deterrence. Establish an inspection system in the city and county party committees and increase efforts to rectify corruption issues around the masses. No matter where the corrupt elements flee, they must be arrested and brought to justice. Promote anti-corruption national legislation and build a reporting platform that covers the discipline inspection and supervision system. Strengthen the deterrence of not daring to rot, secure the cage that cannot be rotted, enhance the consciousness of not wanting to rot, and earn Haiyan Heqing and Langlang through unremitting efforts. (7) Improve the party and state supervision system. To strengthen the party's self-purification ability, it basically depends on strengthening the party's self-supervision and mass supervision. It is necessary to strengthen the restriction and supervision of the operation of power, let the people supervise power, let power operate in the sun, and put power into the cage of the system. Strengthen top-down organizational supervision, improve bottom-up democratic supervision, play a role of mutual supervision at the same level, and strengthen daily management and supervision of party members and leading cadres. Deepen political inspections, insist on finding problems, forming a deterrent and unshakable, and establish a monitoring network that links inspections up and down. Deepen the reform of the national supervisory system, push the pilot work nationwide, set up national, provincial, municipal, and county supervisory committees, co-operate with the party’s disciplinary inspection organs, and achieve full coverage of all public officials who exercise public power. Formulate the National Supervision Law, give the Supervisory Committee the authority and investigation methods according to the law, and replace the “two rules” measures with retention. Reform the audit management system and improve the statistical system. Construct a unified command, comprehensive coverage, authoritative and efficient supervision system of the party, link up the supervision within the party with the supervision of state organs, democratic supervision, judicial supervision, mass supervision, and public opinion supervision, and strengthen the joint force of supervision. (8) Comprehensively strengthen the ruling ability. Leading a socialist country of more than 1.3 billion people, our party must have both political excellence and high skills. To strengthen the learning skills, build a good at the whole partycollar. Leading a socialist country of more than 1.3 billion people, our party must have both political excellence and high skills. It is necessary to enhance learning skills, create a strong atmosphere of learning and courage in the whole party, build a Marxist learning party, and promote the building of a great learning country. Strengthen political leadership skills, adhere to strategic thinking, innovative thinking, dialectical thinking, rule of law thinking, bottom line thinking, scientifically formulate and resolutely implement the party's line, principles and policies, and implement the party's overall situation and coordination of all parties. Strengthen reform and innovation skills, maintain the spirit of forging ahead, be good at combining practical and creative work, and be good at using Internet technology and information technology to carry out work. Strengthen scientific development skills, be good at implementing new development concepts, and constantly create new development situations. Strengthen the ability to govern according to law, accelerate the formation of a system of laws and regulations within the party that covers all aspects of party leadership and party building, and strengthen and improve the leadership of state power organs. Strengthen mass work skills, innovate mass work system mechanisms, methods and methods, promote trade unions, Communist Youth Leagues, women's federations and other mass organizations to enhance their political, advanced and mass character, play a role as a bridge link with the masses, and organize and mobilize the masses of the masses Follow the party. Strengthen the implementation skills, insist on telling the truth, seek truth from facts, make practical moves, and seek practical results, organically combine relentless fashion and long-term achievements, be brave in overcoming difficulties, and do all the work with the spirit of nails. Strengthen risk management skills, improve all aspects of risk prevention and control mechanisms, be good at dealing with various complex contradictions, be brave to overcome all kinds of difficulties and obstacles along the way, and firmly grasp the initiative of work. , Comrades! A great cause must be led by a strong party. As long as our party builds itself and is strong, and ensures that the party always wants to work together with the people, it will surely be able to lead the ship carrying the great dream of the Chinese people through the waves and successfully sail to the glorious shore! , Comrades! The Chinese nation is a great nation that has experienced hardships and perseverance. The Chinese people are great people who are hardworking, brave and self-improving. The Communist Party of China is a great party that dares to struggle and dare to win. The wheel of history is rolling forward, and the trend of the times is vast. History will only care for the firm, the hardworking, and the fighters, not the hesitant, the lazy, and the fearful. The whole party must maintain the style of hard struggle, arrogance and impatience, staying focused on the spirit of day and night, and striving to take the long march of the new era. The whole party must consciously maintain the unity and unity of the party, maintain the flesh-and-blood ties between the party and the people, consolidate the great unity of the people of all ethnic groups across the country, strengthen the unity of the Chinese children at home and abroad, unite all the forces that can be united, and work together towards the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation Bright prospects. , Youth prosperity leads to national prosperity, while youth prosperity leads to national prosperity. The young generation has ideals, skills, and responsibilities. The country has a future, and the nation has hope. The Chinese dream is historical, realistic, and future; it belongs to our generation, but also to the younger generation. The Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation will eventually become a reality in the relay struggle of generations of young people. The whole party should care for and cherish the youth, and build a stage for them to realize their outstanding lives. The young people must be firm in their ideals and convictions, be ambitious, be down-to-earth, be courageous to be the tide of the times, release their youthful dreams in the vivid practice of realizing the Chinese dream, and write the chapter of life in the tireless struggle for the benefit of the people! , The road trip, the world is public. Standing on the vast land of more than 9.6 million square kilometers, sucking the cultural nutrients accumulated by the long struggle of the Chinese nation for more than 5,000 years, with the enormous force of more than 1.3 billion Chinese people gathering, we go socialism with Chinese characteristics The road has an incomparably vast stage of the times, an incomparably deep historical background, and an incomparably strong force of progress. The entire party and people of all ethnic groups in the country should be closely united around the Party Central Committee, hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, forge ahead, work hard, in order to achieve the three historical tasks of advancing modernization, completing the reunification of the motherland, maintaining world peace and promoting common development. To continue to strive for a decisive victory in building a well-off society in an all-round way, winning the great victory of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, realizing the Chinese dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and realizing people’s yearning for a better life! (Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, October 27th),]