2015 October 19
Eve of a state visit to the UK, President Xi Jinping was interviewed by Reuters

[, On the eve of a state visit to the UK, President Xi Jinping was interviewed by Reuters on October 18. The full text is as follows:, Q: You are about to pay a state visit to the United Kingdom. It is reported that the British royal family and government attach great importance to your important visit and have made careful arrangements. In the 1990s, you visited the UK, how do you feel about the UK? What do you expect from visiting Britain again after more than 20 years? How will this visit affect China-UK relations and China-EU relations? Some British people still have doubts about China. They think that the British government is anxious to please China. How can we guarantee mutual benefit between the UK and China? A: In 1994, I visited London, Oxford, Glasgow, Edinburgh and other places. The visit left a deep impression on me, especially the long history, unique culture, friendly people and beautiful environment of the UK. , This time I will pay a state visit to the UK at the invitation of Queen Elizabeth II. I look forward to discussing with the British leaders and friends from all walks of life the plans for the development of the relationship between the two countries, drawing a road map for Sino-British relations in the future, and pragmatic for all fields of the two countries. Cooperation has injected new impetus to jointly open the "golden era" of China-UK comprehensive strategic partnership. According to public opinion polls, the British people have a high opinion of China. The people of China and Britain appreciate each other's long and special culture created by each other, which is an important foundation and favorable condition for the development of bilateral relations. Of course, some people have doubts about Sino-British cooperation. What I want to emphasize is that in today's world, no country can close the door to engage in construction. When you open the door, you will warmly receive visitors from all directions. Enthusiastic and considerate to guests is the world-recognized hospitality. Britain expressed its willingness to be the most open Western country to China. This is a wise strategic choice, and it is in full compliance with Britain's own long-term interests. China looks forward to cooperating with the UK on a larger scale, at a higher level, and at a deeper level. In recent years, world economic growth has generally slowed down, but investment and economic cooperation between China and Britain has continued to develop. The UK has become the second largest investor in China within the EU, China's second largest trading partner and investment destination within the EU, and China is the UK's second largest trading partner outside the EU. In 2014, the Sino-British bilateral trade volume exceeded US$80 billion for the first time, and China’s imports from the UK tripled in five years. The two-way investment between China and Britain has grown rapidly. Over the past three years, Chinese investment in the UK has grown at an average annual rate of 71.7%. Last year, UK investment in China increased by 87.6% year-on-year, the growth rate ranked first in the EU. At present, the British government has formulated ambitious plans such as upgrading and upgrading of infrastructure, building "Northern England Economic Center", "British Industrial 2050 Strategy", which is in line with China's "Belt and Road Initiative", "Made in China 2025", "Internet + "There are many points of cooperation." China is willing to work with the United Kingdom to uphold the concept of inclusiveness, openness, and win-win cooperation, improve the level of cooperation, expand the scope of cooperation, and better benefit the people of both countries. This year is the second 10-year start of the China-UK comprehensive strategic partnership and the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Europe. The development of Sino-British relations and Sino-European relations is facing important opportunities in the past. Britain is an important member of the European Union, and Sino-British relations and China-EU relations complement each other. Last year, when I visited the EU headquarters, I agreed with EU leaders to build the four partnerships of peace, growth, reform and civilization between China and Europe. It is believed that the new development of Sino-British relations will inject new impetus into the overall advancement of China-EU relations and make new contributions to the promotion of the construction of the four major partnerships between China and Europe. , Q: London is one of the global financial centers. Whether it is used as an offshore RMB trading center or through the realization of the "London-Shanghai Connect" in the future, London hopes to play an important role in the development of China's financial market. In your opinion, what role can London play in the process of China's financial market modernization and globalization? A: In the 37 years of reform and opening up, especially in recent years, China's financial industry has made remarkable progress in reform and opening up. China will continue to take a variety of measures to promote the reform and opening up of the financial industry and make China's financial market more adaptable to the requirements of financial modernization and globalization. , London is one of the world's financial centers and an important pumping station for the blood circulation of the world economy. Strengthening financial cooperation with London is definitely a mutually beneficial and win-win option. The financial cooperation between China and Britain started early, developed rapidly, and has great potential. It is at the forefront of cooperation in various fields. In recent years, the two countries have signed bilateral local currency swap agreements, China has established a RMB clearing bank in London, and the UK has become the first country outside Asia to receive an initial quota of RMB qualified foreign institutional investors, the first Western country to issue RMB sovereign bonds, The first major developed country to include RMB in its foreign exchange reserves. This is a highlight of bilateral cooperation.1. The first western country to issue RMB sovereign bonds and the first major developed country to include RMB in foreign exchange reserves. This is a highlight of bilateral cooperation. , London officially launched the "RMB Business Center Plan" as early as 2012. After several years of development, London has become one of the most dynamic and important RMB trading centers and offshore RMB markets. In 2014, the scale of RMB foreign exchange transactions in London increased by 143% year-on-year, and the scale of RMB deposits reached 20 billion yuan, an increase of 37% year-on-year. As long as the conditions are met, China is willing to actively consider strengthening the connectivity of the financial markets of the two countries. London can play its unique advantages in the financial field and play an active role in the modernization and globalization of China's financial market. , Q: Chinese companies may participate in the construction of nuclear power plants in southwest England. The Chinese government announced earlier this year that it will support Chinese companies in expanding overseas markets in areas such as high-speed rail and nuclear power. In the next 10 years, what role do you want to see Chinese companies play in the global market? What resistance do you think Chinese companies will encounter in expanding overseas markets? Will it lead to new trade friction? The Chinese government uses state subsidies and other methods to support Chinese companies to expand overseas. Is it fair to other market players? Does it meet China's goal of developing a market economy? A: China's opening to the outside world continues to deepen. This includes China's opening of the door to attract foreign investment, as well as Chinese enterprises going abroad to invest. This is something that must happen to a country's economic development to a certain stage, and it is also something that enterprises must do to develop and grow. Major companies in the world have taken this route. The development of Chinese enterprises benefits from the world economy and should contribute to the development of the world economy. China has become a major manufacturing country in the world. Its outstanding advantages are that it is in the middle of the global industrial chain. A large number of industries and equipment such as high-speed rail, nuclear power, and automobiles are at the international advanced level, with good cost performance, which meets the needs and acceptance capabilities of many countries. China is willing to carry out various forms of international production capacity and equipment manufacturing cooperation with countries including the United Kingdom to link up their respective comparative advantages and achieve joint development. The Hinckley Point nuclear power plant project is the product of a tripartite cooperation between China, Britain and France. It is hoped that the three countries will give full play to their respective advantages to ensure the smooth implementation of the project and benefit the British people. It is a normal business category for foreign investment to encounter some friction. As long as any enterprise carries out business activities, whether it is at home or abroad, it will always encounter such problems. When talking about business, you cannot politicize the contradictions that arise in the course of business operations, and do not look at Chinese companies with prejudice. Of course, enterprise development must compete, and no one will give up the market to competitors. We hope that this kind of competition is benign and in line with market laws, and we should not set up some non-economic and non-market "spring doors" or "glass doors." Compared with the big companies in the world, Chinese companies still lack experience in going global, and their ability to adapt to the legal systems, technical standards, marketing, personnel management, and local culture of various countries needs to be continuously improved. In the fierce international competition, Chinese companies will learn a lot, and they will do better. The Chinese government supports enterprises to go global, but emphasizes the need to stick to enterprises as the mainstay and market-oriented. The role of the Chinese government is to strive for and create a good political environment and fair institutional framework for enterprises. This is something that all governments will do, and Western countries do better than us. Even under the conditions of a market economy, countries will have various forms of support measures for the development of enterprises, and these cannot be simply regarded as state subsidies. China and Western countries have different systems. Due to historical reasons, Chinese companies often assume a lot of social functions, which is difficult to calculate with a simple mathematical formula. In the next 10 years, China's foreign investment will continue to grow, and the relevant agencies estimate that it will exceed US$1.25 trillion, which will provide more valuable opportunities for Sino-British cooperation. The enterprises of the two countries can also strengthen tripartite cooperation in developing countries, combine the upstream, middle and downstream of the global value chain and share development opportunities. , Q: The UK is the first European country to apply to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. China has promised that the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will operate transparently and implement high-standard management. How will China ensure that Asian infrastructure investment banks are truly transparent and achieve world-class management? , A: China proposes to establish an Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank with the purpose of promoting infrastructure construction and interconnection in the Asian region and deepening regional cooperation. The Asian Investment Bank is an international financial institution. Its rules, regulations and operations must be determined through consultation among member countries. China agrees that the Asian Investment Bank should fully draw on the experience and practices of existing multilateral development banks, adhere to international, normative, and high standards in governance structure, business policies, and human resource management to ensure professional operation, efficient operation, transparency, and integrity. in Asia, Business policies, human resources management and other aspects adhere to international, normative, high standards to ensure professional operation, efficient operation, transparency and integrity. During the negotiation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Banking Agreement, 57 founding member states have upheld the principles of openness, inclusiveness, professionalism and transparency, and reached a high-quality agreement text. 53 founding member states have signed the agreement. As far as I know, this agreement borrows from the existing multilateral development banks in many ways, and it also has breakthroughs and innovations. For example, in terms of governance structure, the Asian Investment Bank has established a three-tier management structure of the board of directors, board of directors, and management in accordance with the common practice of multilateral development banks. It has also established a bank supervision mechanism based on the principles of transparency, openness, independence, and accountability. The principle of “openness, transparency and merit selection” is clearly written in the agreement, which is an innovative move that is different from the existing constitutions of major multilateral development banks. In another example, the procurement of the AIIB project is for all countries in the world and is not limited to member countries. This is different from other regional multilateral development banks. , At present, the founding member countries of various intentions are negotiating specific business policies and regulations in accordance with the provisions and spirit of the agreement. The Asian Investment Bank and the existing multilateral development banks are complementary to each other. In the future, they will actively cooperate in knowledge sharing, capacity building, and joint financing. , China positively evaluates and welcomes the United Kingdom to join the Asian Investment Bank, and is willing to work with the founding member countries including the British side to turn the Asian Investment Bank into a professional and efficient infrastructure investment and financing platform and make positive contributions to the development of Asia and the world. . Q: As a member of the international community, whether China has helped advance the peace process in South Sudan or evacuated foreign personnel, including the British, during the civil war in Yemen, China has played an increasingly active role. As China's economic strength and world influence continue to grow, China will increasingly need to seek to protect its rights and interests worldwide. What do you think of China's role in global affairs in the next 10 years? Will China play a greater role in mediating conflicts? Will China one day replace the United States, become the world police, and establish military bases around the world to protect its own interests? A: China used to be, it is, and it will also be a defender of world peace, a promoter of common development, and a promoter of international cooperation. As the overall national strength continues to increase, China will participate more actively in international and regional affairs. At the 70th Anniversary Summit of the United Nations in September this year, on behalf of the Chinese government, I announced the establishment of the "South-South Cooperation Assistance Fund", which will provide US$ 2 billion in the first phase; a 10-year China-United Nations total of US$ 1 billion will be established Peace and Development Fund; joined the new United Nations peacekeeping capability standby mechanism, for this reason took the lead in the formation of a standing peacekeeping police force, and build a 8,000-person peacekeeping standby force. In addition, China will provide AU$100 million in unpaid military assistance to the African Union in the next five years to support the construction of the African Standing Army and the rapid response force for crisis response. , China is making more efforts for world peace and development, not to become the so-called "world police", nor to replace anyone. We have always advocated that the affairs of various countries should be decided by the people of all countries, and the affairs of the world should be decided by the people of all countries in the world. China adheres to the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, upholds a common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security concept, insists on non-interference in other countries’ internal affairs, and persists in peacefully solving international and regional hot issues. China has repeatedly declared that China pursues a defensive national defense policy. China will never seek hegemony, never engage in expansion, and will never impose its will on others. , Q: China is the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases, and has committed to peak carbon dioxide emissions around 2030, and will reduce carbon intensity-reducing emissions per unit of economic output at the 2005 level 60% to 65%. As a developing country, China has always insisted that developed countries should bear most of the responsibility for reducing carbon dioxide emissions. Will China change its negotiating position or make further compromises to ensure agreement at the Paris climate change conference by the end of the year? , Answer: Climate change is a global challenge, and no country can stay out of it. Developed and developing countries have different historical responsibilities for climate change, and development needs and capabilities also differ. Just like a racing car, some cars have run a long way, and some cars have just started. It is inappropriate and unfair to use a unified scale to limit the speed of the car at this time. Developed countries set an example in responding to climate change, which is in line with the important principles of common but differentiated responsibilities, fairness, and respective capabilities established by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. It is also the common wish of developing countries. , Adhere to the principles of common but differentiated responsibilities, not that developing countriesImportant principles such as self-competence are also the common wish of the vast number of developing countries. Adhere to the principles of common but differentiated responsibilities, not to say that developing countries should not contribute to the global response to climate change, but to meet the capabilities and requirements of developing countries. China has become the world's largest country in energy conservation and utilization of new and renewable energy. In 2014, China's unit GDP energy consumption and carbon dioxide emissions decreased by 29.9% and 33.8%, respectively, compared with 2005. China submitted its nationally-independent contribution to the United Nations, which is not only focused on promoting global climate governance, but also an inherent requirement of China’s development, and is the best effort it can make to achieve the goals of the Convention. China announced the establishment of a 20 billion yuan climate change South-South cooperation fund to support other developing countries. The Paris conference held at the end of this year will make arrangements for the international climate change response mechanism after 2020, which will be of great significance in the global multilateral response to climate change. The negotiations require all parties to show flexibility, but the basic principles of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change should be followed. All parties should show their sincerity to the greatest extent, gather together and dissimilate, and move towards each other. China is willing to play a constructive role in pushing the Paris Conference to reach a comprehensive, balanced and strong agreement as scheduled. Q: China's attitude towards the sovereignty of the South China Sea is becoming more and more firm, which makes many neighboring countries worry. China stated that it would not pursue hegemony and would continue to pursue the path of peaceful development. What do you think about the suspicions of many neighboring countries? How do you respond to the accusation that China's activities in the South China Sea may exacerbate the deterioration of the security situation in the region? What is the ultimate purpose of China's current activities in the South China Sea? A: The path of peaceful development is in line with China's fundamental interests and the common expectations of the countries and peoples in the region. China's strategic choice has not changed, nor will it change. For a long time, China has actively carried out mutually beneficial cooperation with neighboring countries, bringing tangible benefits to regional countries and people. Under the new situation, China will endeavor to benefit China's development to neighboring countries and peoples, adhere to the neighboring foreign policy of being good neighbors and neighbors, and adhere to the neighboring foreign policy of good neighbors, safe neighbors, and rich neighbors. Surrounding diplomatic concept. The islands in the South China Sea have been Chinese territory since ancient times, which was left by the ancestors. If anyone wants to violate China's sovereignty and related rights, the Chinese people will not agree. The relevant actions taken by China in the South China Sea are a legitimate response to safeguard its own territorial sovereignty. Sovereignty claims on land outside its own territory are expansionism. China has never done that before, and should not be suspiced or blamed. With the joint efforts of all parties, the situation in the South China Sea is generally stable. The South China Sea is an important channel for China's foreign economic exchanges. China needs peace, security and stability in the South China Sea more than any other country. China does not want to see chaos in the South China Sea, nor will it take the initiative to create chaos. At present, China is actively working with ASEAN countries to actively promote consultations on the "Code of Conduct for the South China Sea" under the framework of fully and effectively implementing the "Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea." China will continue to work with neighboring countries in the South China Sea to manage and control disputes through mechanism dialogue, peacefully resolve disputes through negotiation and consultation, actively explore mutual benefits and win-win through cooperation and joint development, safeguard the freedom of navigation and overflight enjoyed by countries in accordance with international law, and strive to integrate Build into a sea of ​​peace, friendship and cooperation. Relevant parties should also respect the efforts of regional countries to maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea. , Q: China requires the international community, including the United Kingdom, to assist in repatriating suspects of corruption who have fled overseas. Some countries have complained that China is reluctant to provide the evidence needed to process expulsion orders through the judicial process. How will China improve cooperation with other countries in promoting the repatriation of suspects? A: The Chinese judicial authorities should provide hard evidence in specific cases when conducting international anti-corruption cooperation. China is a country ruled by law. Whether it is to punish corruption at home or to carry out anti-corruption international cooperation, it will act in accordance with the law and adhere to the facts and the law. For any country, corruption is the most hated phenomenon by the people. China’s international cooperation in this regard is to arrest and bring to justice corruption suspects who have fled abroad. China and Britain have maintained good cooperation in jointly fighting corruption crimes. The two sides have concluded a criminal judicial assistance treaty, which has laid a legal foundation for cooperation in combating corruption. No country or region should become a “safe haven” for corrupt elements and corrupt funds, nor should they become a “safe haven”. The most incomprehensible thing to the Chinese people is that some corrupt criminals with definite crimes can go unpunished in some countries and escape legal punishment under various pretexts. Due to differences in the legal systems of various countries, the fight against corruption through international cooperation needs to resolve some legal technical issues. This requires all parties concerned to jointly discuss solutions, especially to strengthen anti-corruptionFighting corruption crimes through international cooperation requires solving some legal and technical issues. This requires all parties concerned to discuss solutions together, especially to strengthen cooperation between anti-corruption agencies and law enforcement agencies in case investigation and information exchange. It is believed that as long as there is political will to fight corruption, international cooperation against corruption will surely achieve more results. , Q: China's economic scale and global influence are increasing. Policy makers around the world increasingly need to understand China's current economic situation. The Chinese government's economic growth target for this year is about 7%. However, in the past few months, China's economic situation seems to be deteriorating. Many investors and economists believe that this goal is unlikely to be achieved, which has caused great concerns in the global financial and commodity markets. Do you think the 7% goal can be achieved? What measures will the Chinese government plan to take to prevent economic growth from slowing down? How to maintain the stable operation of China's financial market? , Answer: China's economy grew by 7% in the first half of this year, which is in line with the annual growth target and is the fastest growing among the major economies in the world. It is normal for a country's economic growth to be fast or slow. It cannot be said that it can only be accelerated and not slowed down. This is not in line with economic laws. In the first half of the year, China’s economic growth was 7%, which was achieved on the basis of more than 10 trillion US dollars of total economic output, which is equivalent to the annual GDP of a medium-sized country. More. China is closely related to the international market, and the global economic situation is generally weak. China cannot be alone. China's economic development has issues that worry us, and we are working hard to resolve them. We are also concerned about the weak growth of the world economy, which is detrimental to the development of countries, especially developing countries. The historian Dr. Toynbee believes that "challenge-challenge" is an important driver of the development of human civilization. China's economic development has entered a new normal and is experiencing the pain of the transformation of old and new kinetic energy, but the fundamentals of China's stable economic development have not changed. China's new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization are advancing in depth. The domestic market has strong demand, economic development has great potential, resilience, and room for maneuver. Structural reforms are deepening, and the prospects for China's economy are very bright. , China is coordinating stable growth, promoting reforms, adjusting structure, benefiting people's livelihood, preventing risks, strengthening and innovating macro-control, improving the quality and efficiency of economic development, and solving the problems of imbalance, uncoordination and unsustainability in economic development. Pay attention to innovation drive and rely more on consumption. China's foreign investment policy will not change. We will improve the rule of business law, protect intellectual property rights, and promote fair competition. China will promote the construction of the “Belt and Road” initiative and actively carry out international production capacity cooperation to promote the common growth of China and the world economy. In the face of recent changes in the international and domestic financial markets, we have successively introduced a series of measures such as quasi-rate reduction and interest rate reduction, and improving the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism. At present, market risks have been released to a considerable extent, and inherent stability has been enhanced. In the next step, China will steadily advance financial reforms in accordance with the direction of marketization and rule of law, cultivate an open and transparent capital market with long-term stable and healthy development, improve risk management, stabilize market expectations, relax restrictions on private capital entering the financial sector, and better support entities economic development. , Q: You once said that one day China hopes to host a football World Cup and win the World Cup. Not only do you care about this sport, but you also announced a major reform plan for Chinese football earlier this year. Britain is the birthplace of modern football. In order to improve the level of Chinese football and promote the success of the Chinese football industry like the UK, can China learn from the UK and learn from it? What is your biggest expectation for Chinese football? , Answer: Football is the world's first sport, with the most fans in the world, and there are hundreds of millions of fans in China. My biggest expectation for Chinese football is that Chinese football can rank among the world's strongest teams, so that football can play an important role in strengthening people's physique and inspiring people's tenacious struggle. China will deepen the reform of the football system, with the goals of developing youth football, reforming the football professional system, strengthening international cooperation, and expanding the football industry as a starting point, and embark on a path of football development that conforms to the laws of football development and is suitable for China's actual development. The United Kingdom has deep football culture and rich experience in football development. The English Premier League is one of the most influential and most successful professional leagues. In recent years, China and Britain have conducted good exchanges and cooperation in the field of football. In 2012, the Sino-British Campus Football Project was launched, and the United Kingdom provided training for Chinese grassroots football coaches. In 2013, the two countries signed a letter of intent for professional league cooperation, and British star Beckham became "China Youth Football Development and Super League Promotion Ambassador." Last month, the two countries signed a memorandum of understanding on the youth football "Tomorrow Star" plan. In the next five years, China will build 20,000 football-specific schools. China and Britain will be involved in football talent training, coaches and referees.Memorandum of Understanding for the "Star of the Sun" project. In the next five years, China will build 20,000 football-specific schools, and China and the UK have great potential for cooperation in football talent training, coaching, and referee training. I believe that Chinese football will definitely With greater development, it will also make its own contribution to world football. (Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, October 18th), "People's Daily" (October 19th, 2015 edition),]