2015 September 22
Eve of a state visit to the United States, President Xi Jinping accepted a written interview with the US Wall Street Journal

[, People's Daily News, Beijing, September 22nd. On the eve of a state visit to the United States, President Xi Jinping accepted a written interview with the US Wall Street Journal on September 22nd. Questions were answered on cooperation, people's exchanges between the two countries, the improvement of the global governance system, China's economic situation, China's comprehensive deepening of reforms, foreign investment in China, China's Internet policy, and anti-corruption. When answering questions about the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and improving the global governance structure, Xi Jinping pointed out that the global governance system is shared and shared by the world, and it is impossible for any country to master it alone. China does not have such an idea and will not do so. China is a participant, builder, and contributor to the current international system, and has always maintained an international order and international system centered on the United Nations and based on the purposes and principles of the UN Charter. Many people of insight in the world believe that as the world continues to develop and change, and as the major transnational and global challenges facing mankind are increasing, it is necessary to adjust and reform the global governance system and mechanism accordingly. This kind of reform is not a reinvention, nor a new start, but innovation and improvement. "Poverty changes, and it changes." Whether it is a country or the world, it needs to keep pace with the times, so as to maintain vitality. Promoting the development of the global governance system in a more fair, reasonable and effective direction is in line with the general needs of all countries in the world. China and the United States share broad common interests in the field of global governance, and should jointly promote the improvement of the global governance system. This is not only conducive to the two sides to exert their respective advantages and strengthen cooperation, but also to the cooperation of the two sides to promote the resolution of the major challenges facing humanity. The development of China in the past few decades has largely benefited from international cooperation. Therefore, we should contribute to the cause of international development, and many friends from developing countries have expressed their strong wishes in this regard. The establishment of the Asian Investment Bank is mainly to meet the needs of infrastructure construction in Asia and the aspirations of Asian countries to deepen cooperation. According to estimates by the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank, from 2010 to 2020, the annual funding gap for infrastructure construction in the Asian region will reach US$800 billion. The Asian Investment Bank can provide an additional investment option for this kind of demand, which is welcomed by Asian countries and the international community. Faced with such a large demand, the Asian Investment Bank is only a channel, it is impossible to outstrip the world. The Asian Investment Bank is an open and inclusive multilateral development agency that will complement each other with existing multilateral development banks. In addition to the countries in the region, Germany, France, the United Kingdom and other countries have also joined the AIIB. China welcomes the participation of the United States in the Asian Investment Bank, and this is our attitude from the beginning. , I don't think any country in the world can tilt the global governance structure to itself, nor do I think it is in line with the trend of the times. How to improve the global governance structure should be determined jointly by all countries. The United Nations will soon hold a series of summits on its 70th anniversary. China is willing to work with member countries to promote the construction of a new type of international relations centered on win-win cooperation, improve the global governance structure, and jointly build a community of shared future for mankind. In answering questions about China's policy stance in handling regional and international affairs, Xi Jinping emphasized that China pursues an independent foreign policy of peace and is willing to make efforts to maintain world peace and promote common development. In today's world, China cannot be alone. China can only be good if the world is good. China has not been absent in promoting world economic recovery, politically solving international and regional hotspots, and responding to various global problems and challenges. This is the hope of the international community and the responsibility of China. Both China and the United States are permanent members of the UN Security Council, shouldering important responsibilities for maintaining world and regional peace and security, and having broad common interests. China is willing to join hands with the US to deal with major global and regional issues. It has done a lot and will continue to do so. China and the United States have conducted close coordination and cooperation in responding to a series of international and regional issues and global challenges such as the Korean nuclear issue, the Iranian nuclear issue, the Palestinian-Israeli peace talks, South Sudan, climate change, and major infectious diseases. Of course, when dealing with some problems, China and the United States do not have exactly the same ideas and methods. Only when they differ can they complement each other and find the best solution to the problem. When dealing with international and regional affairs, China adheres to equality, fairness and justice, advocates the importance of peace, and advocates the political settlement of related issues through peaceful negotiations. In dealing with international and regional affairs, we should decide positions and policies based on the merits of the matter itself, and be fair and do business. We don't approve of forced interference in other countries' internal affairs. We believe that many things should be discussed. No matter how difficult or complicated the situation is, the international community should have firm confidence, persevere and uphold peaceMany things should be discussed. No matter how difficult or complicated the situation is, the international community should be confident and persistent in its peaceful efforts. , The political settlement of the Iranian nuclear issue has achieved significant results, and China and the United States have made joint efforts to this end. This shows that our ideas and methods are effective. China will work with all parties to promote the effective implementation of the comprehensive agreement. China’s position on the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula is firm and clear. At the same time, we believe that denuclearization of the peninsula should be achieved through peaceful means and peace and stability on the peninsula should be maintained. At present, the situation on the peninsula is complex and sensitive. China is willing to continue to maintain close communication and coordination with the US and relevant parties on the proper handling of peninsula affairs and the realization of long-term stability in Northeast Asia. In answering questions about the similarities and differences between the Chinese Dream, the Chinese Dream, and the American Dream, Xi Jinping pointed out that the most fundamental thing about the Chinese Dream is to achieve a better life for the Chinese people. Regarding this issue, we need to understand it from two dimensions: history and reality. After the Opium War in 1840, the Chinese nation experienced a century of social unrest, foreign aggression, and war suffering. However, the Chinese people have always been self-improving and fighting tenaciously, and have never given up their longing and pursuit of beautiful dreams. To look at China today, we must have a profound understanding of the national suffering that China has suffered since modern times, and we must have a profound understanding of the profound impact this long-term national suffering has brought to the spiritual world of the Chinese people. Therefore, we say that the Chinese dream to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation is the greatest dream of the Chinese nation in modern times. The Chinese dream is the dream of the Chinese nation and the dream of every Chinese. The Chinese dream is not a flower in the mirror, a moon in the water, or an empty slogan. Its deepest roots are in the hearts of the Chinese people. Every country and every nation has its own dream. There is hope in dreams. When I last visited the United States, my old friends in Muscatine, Iowa, also mentioned their dreams to me. I deeply feel that people of all countries, including the American people, have a common dream for the future: world peace, social peace and prosperity. Of course, due to different historical cultures and stages of development, the Chinese dream, American dream, and dreams of people in other countries have different connotations, and the specific ways and means of realization may not be exactly the same. All roads lead to Rome. The pursuit of dreams by people of all countries, regardless of their similarities and differences, is a powerful motivating force for their tenacious struggle, and it also provides important opportunities for Sino-US cooperation and cooperation between countries. In answering questions about the South China Sea, cybersecurity, and important factors that maintain China-US relations, Xi Jinping emphasized that when looking at China-US relations, it is important to look at the overall situation and not just focus on the differences between the two countries. People can be as small as they are." The total economic volume of China and the United States accounts for one third of the world, the population accounts for one quarter of the world, and the total trade accounts for one fifth of the world. What will happen to the world if these two "big guys" do not cooperate? Both history and reality show that cooperation between China and the United States is beneficial to both sides and fighting is hurting both. In the summer of 2013, I met with President Obama at the Annaberg Manor in California to make a strategic choice to jointly build a new relationship between China and the United States. Its core content is non-conflict, non-confrontation, mutual respect, and win-win cooperation. Over the past two years, centering on this consensus, the two countries have deepened exchanges and cooperation in various fields, and the level has been continuously improved. The two sides have maintained close and effective communication and coordination on almost all major international and regional issues and global challenges. Facts have proved that the interests of China and the United States have become increasingly closely linked. The development of relations between the two countries not only benefits the two peoples, but also effectively promotes peace, stability and development in the Asia-Pacific region and the world. Of course, a family will still have such contradictions, and China and the United States will inevitably have some differences. The two sides should understand each other, respect each other, gather and assimilate, and respect and take care of each other's core interests and major concerns. With regard to the problems that can be solved, the two sides should go together and work together to solve them. For problems that cannot be solved in a moment, we must take good control of them in a constructive manner, prevent intensification or escalation, and prevent interference with the overall relationship between the two countries and the overall situation of cooperation in the interests of the two peoples. The Nansha Islands have been Chinese territory since ancient times, and we have sufficient historical and legal basis for this. China has carried out relevant construction and facility maintenance on some islands and reefs stationed in Nansha, which does not affect or target any country, and should not be over-interpreted. The construction of the Chinese islands and reefs is mainly to improve the working and living conditions of the people on the island, and to provide corresponding international public product services, which also helps to further maintain the freedom and safety of navigation in the South China Sea. , China is a staunch defender of cybersecurity. China is a victim of hacker attacks. The Chinese government will not participate, encourage or support enterprises in any way to steal trade secrets. Whether it is online business theft, or launching a hacker attack on a government network, it is illegal and criminal and should be cracked down in accordance with the law and relevant international conventions. China and the United States have common concerns about cyber security,All hacking attacks are illegal and criminal acts and should be cracked down in accordance with the law and relevant international conventions. China and the United States share common concerns in cyber security, and we are willing to strengthen cooperation with the United States. , I will have an in-depth exchange of views with President Obama on bilateral relations and the international situation, and have extensive contacts with people from all walks of life in the United States to discuss plans for further development of Sino-US relations. It is hoped that this visit will send a positive message to the international community to strengthen cooperation between China and the United States and jointly address global challenges. In answering questions about China's national defense policy, Xi Jinping pointed out that China has always pursued a defensive national defense policy and an active defense military strategy. China's strengthening of national defense and army building is not for the sake of poor soldiers, we do not have this idea. Outside of its territory, China does not have any military bases or garrisons in Asia. China is a big country with vast territories, territorial seas and territorial airspace, and has a long border. It needs to maintain a certain investment in national defense construction and also maintain an army of a moderate scale. In order to show China’s determination to uphold peaceful development, I recently announced that China will disarm 300,000. China has long promised to never engage in expansion and never seek hegemony. History has proven and will continue to prove this. China is the country with the largest number of peacekeepers in the UN Security Council's five permanent missions. The Chinese military has played an important role in escorting the Gulf of Aden, fighting piracy, and participating in the export of Syrian chemical weapons. The Chinese military's most actions in the surrounding area are to help some countries respond to natural disasters. The Chinese military will provide more public safety products to the international community within its power. Both China and the United States are important countries in the Asia-Pacific region. The Asia-Pacific region is the region where the interests of China and the United States are most intensive and interact most frequently. Both China and the United States hope that the Asia-Pacific region will maintain peace and stability, which is in the common interest of the two countries and regional countries. Asia-Pacific should become a cooperative that strengthens coordination and cooperation between China and the United States, and should not become a wrestling field between China and the United States. Our attitude is that we welcome everything that is conducive to regional peace and stability; we oppose everything that may lead to regional conflicts and turmoil. Therefore, China and the United States should actively implement the concept of mutual respect and win-win cooperation in the Asia-Pacific region. The Chinese army participated in the "Pacific Rim Military Exercise" for the first time in 2014. The Chinese and American armed forces are advancing the construction of the "two mutual trust mechanisms." We look forward to finding more joint points between China and the United States in the Asia-Pacific region, and constantly enhancing strategic mutual trust. Regional peace, stability and prosperity. In answering questions about China's economic situation and what measures the Chinese government is taking to enhance the confidence of domestic and foreign investors, Xi Jinping emphasized that China's economic growth rate is still among the highest in the world. In the first half of this year, China's economy grew by 7%, which was not easy to come by in a complex and ever-changing world economic situation. According to the development goal we set, that is, to achieve GDP and per capita income of urban and rural residents by 2020 will double that of 2010, and a growth rate of about 7% can be achieved. , China's economic operation remains within a reasonable range. What China needs is to improve the quality and efficiency of economic development, and to solve the problems of imbalance, uncoordination, and unsustainability in economic development, so as to help it go more stable and farther. We are accelerating the transformation of the economic development mode, adjusting the economic structure, paying more attention to the drive of innovation, and relying more on consumption. We hope that by solving these problems, China's economic phoenix will rebirth and maintain its strong momentum of development. Under the current global economic environment, the economies of all countries are facing difficulties, and the Chinese economy is also facing downward pressure, but this is a problem in progress. I want to emphasize in particular that no matter what happens, China will unswervingly deepen reforms in an all-round way and continue to open wider. We will make overall plans to stabilize growth, promote reform, adjust structure, benefit people's livelihood, prevent risks, strengthen and innovate macro-control, and promote stable and rapid economic development. China's new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization continue to advance. The high savings rate of residents, the huge potential for consumption, the hard work of the people, the proportion of middle-income earners are increasing, the development momentum of the service industry is strong, and the market space and potential are great. There is a foundation and conditions for maintaining a high-speed economic growth for a period of time. , It is advisable to look at the scenery. To analyze the Chinese economy, it depends on whether the direction of the big ship is correct, whether the power is strong, and whether the potential is abundant. When sailing in the sea, no matter how big the boat is, it will sometimes bump. As long as investors fully understand the economic development process since China's reform and opening up, recent China's strategies to promote sustained and stable economic growth, and various data and trends of the Chinese economy, they will make correct judgments. According to a report released by the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai this year, about 95% of the interviewed companies plan to increase or maintain investment in China. This is the choice of more than 300 American entrepreneurs. I believe that smart investors will make the same choice. , In response to China’s comprehensive deepening of reformsThis is the choice of more than 300 American entrepreneurs. I believe that smart investors will make the same choice. In answering questions about China's comprehensive deepening of reforms, Xi Jinping pointed out that at present, the important direction of China's economic system reform is to make the market play a decisive role in the allocation of resources and better play the role of the government. In short, both "invisible hand" and "visible hand" should be used well. The rise and fall of the stock market have their own operating rules, and generally the government does not intervene. The government's responsibility is to maintain an open, fair and just market order, protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors, especially small and medium investors, promote the long-term stable development of the stock market, and prevent widespread panic. Some time ago, there were abnormal fluctuations in China's stock market, which was mainly caused by factors such as the excessively high and rapid rise in the previous period and the large fluctuations in the international market. To avoid systemic risks, the Chinese government has taken some measures to curb panic in the stock market and avoid a systemic risk. Similar practices have been adopted in mature overseas markets. After comprehensively adopting various stabilization measures, the market has entered a stage of self-repair and self-regulation. The development of the capital market is the direction of China’s reforms, and will not change because of this stock market volatility. In 2014, we steadily pushed forward various reforms. 80 key reform tasks were basically completed. In addition, the relevant departments also completed 108 reform tasks, and a total of 370 reform results were issued in all aspects. Since this year, we have launched more than 70 key reform programs. On September 15th, we discussed and adopted reform programs such as implementing a negative market access list system, supporting a number of policy measures for the development and opening up of key areas along the border, accelerating the improvement of the price mechanism, and encouraging and standardizing the introduction of non-state-owned capital in investment projects by state-owned enterprises. We have identified more than 100 key reforms this year, and we will continue to introduce a number of major economic reform measures to bring forward the reform measures that are conducive to stable growth, structural adjustment, benefiting people's livelihood, and preventing risks. , Justice, people's livelihood and other fields focus on launching some powerful and practical reform programs. This round of reform in China is a comprehensive reform with unprecedented intensity. After hard work, some hard bones that have been difficult to eat for many years have been bitten down. These reforms really moved the cheese and the real style. Reform will inevitably affect some people’s vested interests and change some people’s working and living conditions. Of course, it will be difficult, otherwise it will not be called reform. Therefore, I said that reform should dare to bite hard bones and dare to be involved in danger. At the same time, the reform must be solid and hard. There is no turning back when opening a bow, and we will continue to unswervingly achieve the goal of reform, with no obstacles, and brave to move forward. In answering questions about the RMB exchange rate and the realization of capital account convertibility, Xi Jinping emphasized that China has been improving the market-oriented formation mechanism of the RMB exchange rate. This is one of the steps to improve the central parity quotation of the RMB exchange rate, which has increased the market's determination of exchange rate. At present, the international economic and financial situation is complicated, and market makers have clearly differentiated the RMB exchange rate trend, which has caused a long-term deviation of the RMB exchange rate and the market exchange rate. Improving the mid-price quotation makes the mid-price more relevant to the supply and demand relationship in the foreign exchange market, and prevents the mid-point price from continuously deviating from the market exchange rate from a mechanism. Since the completion of the mid-price quotation on August 11, deviation correction has achieved initial results. From the perspective of the international and domestic economic and financial situation, there is no basis for continued depreciation of the RMB exchange rate. The reform of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism will continue to move towards a more market-oriented direction. As early as the early 1990s, China proposed the goal of achieving capital account convertibility. For more than 20 years, China has been working towards capital account convertibility. At present, there are not many transactions in which RMB capital projects are completely closed. China is steadily and orderly advancing the work related to RMB capital account convertibility. Recently, the balance of China's foreign exchange reserves declined, mainly reflecting the optimization and adjustment of the domestic and foreign currency asset and liability structures of domestic banks, enterprises, and individuals. There are three main reasons: First, some foreign exchange assets have been shifted from the central bank to domestic banks, enterprises, and other institutions and individuals. The balance of foreign exchange deposits of domestic banks in the first eight months of this year has increased by 56.9 billion U.S. dollars, including an increase of 27 billion U.S. dollars in August. Second, domestic enterprises' "going out" foreign investment grew rapidly. Thirdly, market entities such as domestic enterprises have steadily reduced overseas financing, which helps reduce risks such as highly leveraged operations and currency mismatches. These changes are all normal capital flows, within a moderately controllable range. Foreign investors who are really looking for long-term investment are still entering China. China's foreign exchange reserves are still abundant and are still at a very high level worldwide. With the continuous improvement of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism and the advancement of RMB internationalization, it is normal for China's foreign exchange reserves to increase or decrease.It is still at a very high level. With the continuous improvement of the RMB exchange rate formation mechanism and the advancement of RMB internationalization, it is normal for China's foreign exchange reserves to increase or decrease, and there is no need to worry too much. In answering questions about China's introduction and utilization of foreign capital, Xi Jinping pointed out that the use of foreign capital is our long-term policy. China's policy on the use of foreign capital will not change, the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of foreign-invested enterprises will not change, and the direction of providing better services for the investment and development of enterprises in China by foreign countries will not change. The absorption of foreign capital has provided China with the necessary funds, advanced technology, valuable management experience, and numerous international talents, which have played a positive role in promoting China's economic development. , China respects international business practices of non-discriminatory rules, abides by WTO commitments such as national treatment, treats all market entities including foreign-invested enterprises fairly and fairly, and welcomes multinational companies to carry out various forms of cooperation with Chinese enterprises. In recent years, China has adopted a series of measures to promote investment facilitation, substantially abolish restrictive projects, promote a pre-entry national treatment plus negative list management model, promptly resolve the legitimate concerns of foreign investors, and protect their legitimate rights and interests. Efforts should be made to create an open and transparent legal and policy environment, an efficient administrative environment, and a market environment of equal competition. A survey by international authoritative organizations such as the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development shows that China is still the most attractive investment host country in the world. The argument that China's investment environment has changed and foreign capital has lost confidence in China is very unrealistic. In 2014, China ranked first in the world in attracting foreign investment, reaching 120 billion US dollars, maintaining the number of developing countries for 23 consecutive years. In the first eight months of this year, China actually utilized US$85.3 billion in foreign investment, an increase of 9% year-on-year. China will further relax market access for foreign investment, and at the same time, it will also improve the foreign investment supervision system, revise relevant laws on foreign investment, and protect the legal rights and interests of foreign-invested enterprises in accordance with the law. It is hoped that the doors of foreign markets will also be open to Chinese investors. We oppose any form of protectionism and any form of discriminatory policies, and are willing to properly resolve economic and trade differences with relevant countries through consultations, and actively promote the establishment of a balanced, win-win, development-oriented multilateral economic and trade system. In answering questions about Internet management and China's opening to the outside world, Xi Jinping emphasized that the Internet, as one of the greatest inventions of the 20th century, turned the world into a "global village", profoundly changing people's production and life, and strongly promoting Social development has a highly global character. However, this "Xinjiang territory" is not an "extra-jurisdictional land". The rule of law must also be addressed, as well as the protection of national sovereignty, security and development interests. Like cyberspace, cyberspace must promote freedom and abide by order. Freedom is the purpose of order, and order is the guarantee of freedom. We must fully respect the rights of netizens to exchange ideas and express their wishes, as well as build a good online order. This is also to better protect the legitimate rights and interests of netizens. The vigorous development of the Chinese Internet has provided broad development opportunities and market space for companies from all over the world. As long as it complies with Chinese laws and regulations and does not harm China's national and consumer interests, we welcome the development of foreign companies in China and respect and protect the legitimate interests of foreign companies. The international community must work together to build a cyberspace of peace, security, openness and cooperation based on the principles of mutual respect and mutual trust. China recognizes the positive role of foreign non-profit organizations and welcomes and supports their development in China. We are willing to continue to provide necessary convenience and assistance. China attaches importance to the service management of overseas non-profit organizations' activities in China, regulates their activities in China according to law, and protects their legitimate rights and interests in China. The activities of foreign non-profit organizations in China should abide by Chinese laws and carry out activities in accordance with the law, regulations and order. In answering questions about China's anti-corruption struggle, Xi Jinping pointed out that anti-corruption is a common task faced by all countries in the world and is also the aspiration of the people. The fundamental purpose of the Communist Party of China is to serve the people wholeheartedly. The foundation of the Communist Party of China is the support of the people, and it must maintain flesh-and-blood ties with the people. The Communist Party of China is not living in a vacuum. There will definitely be problems in the party. Corruption is one of the persistent problems. The Communist Party of China dares to face problems, correct mistakes, and is good at self-purification and self-renovation. The people hate corruption the most, and we must conform to the hearts of the people. Therefore, "tiger" and "fly" should be played together. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, we have stepped up our efforts to fight corruption, and investigated and dealt with a large number of corrupt elements in accordance with the law, including those who once held high positions, and won the support and praise of the Chinese people. , Regarding the construction of an anti-corruption system, I have two sentences. One sentence is "Put power into the cage of the system", and the other sentence is "Sunshine is the best preservative." As the anti-corruption struggle advances in depth, we must focus onTry to get into the cage of the system", the phrase is "Sunshine is the best preservative." As the anti-corruption struggle advances in depth, we must focus on forming institutional mechanisms that dare not rot, cannot rot, or do not want to rot. We are developing Improve and improve relevant laws and regulations, carefully tighten the cages of the system, and truly put power in it. Regarding the disclosure of official property, we passed relevant regulations in 2010 to include property content such as the income of leading cadres in personal reports Matters are regularly checked every year, and now the proportion of verification is constantly increasing, and no one can be an exception. We have hard measures to deal with people who do not report truthfully., I said that there is no rest for anti-corruption. We will adhere to a zero-tolerance attitude Unchanged, the determination to cure medicines is not diminished, the courage to cure bones and wounds is unrelenting, the scale of severe punishment is not loose, so that corruption must be countered and corruption must be eliminated. Anti-corruption will not affect economic development. Punishing corruption, Combating power rent-seeking can promote the construction of a clean government, promote the removal of obstacles that hinder the operation of market mechanisms, promote fair rules, and create a better investment and business environment., When answering questions about the exchanges between the people of China and the United States, Xi Jinping It is emphasized that in 1985, 30 years ago, I led a delegation to Iowa to inspect agricultural technology, which was my first visit to the United States. Both the advanced technology of the United States and the warmth and friendship of the American people left me I am deeply impressed. Since then, I have been to the United States many times and also received many American friends in China. From these exchanges, I have experienced that the people of China and the United States have very friendly feelings for each other. My wife has been engaged in vocal performances for a long time. In recent years, she has served as the United Nations World Health Organization’s Goodwill Ambassador for Tuberculosis and AIDS Prevention, UNESCO’s Special Envoy for Girls’ and Women’s Education, and has had many exchanges with institutions and people from various countries including the United States. She also feels the same way. Country-to-country exchanges begin with the people. The exchanges and friendship between the people of China and the United States have a long history. As early as 230 years ago, the US merchant ship "Chinese Queen" traveled across the oceans and came to China. More than 70 years ago, the Chinese people fought against the Japanese military In the struggle of aggression against aggression, the American people "crossed the ocean and gravity" and came back to China to help us. 36 years ago, China and the United States established diplomatic relations and opened a new page of friendly exchanges between the two peoples. Practice has proved that China and the United States The friendship between the two countries can span time and space., Mencius, an ancient Chinese thinker, once said: "The things are not the same, the feelings are the same. "There is indeed a problem of mutual incomprehension between countries, but this is life. Since there are different nations, history, culture, religions, systems, development levels, and lifestyles in the world, there will definitely be some that are not so mutual. Things that are easy to understand. However, I think that everything that seems incomprehensible is understandable. The key is to understand and work hard to understand, not to exclude. Colorful human civilization has its own value. The nation itself must cherish and maintain its own ideology and culture, and also recognize and respect the ideology and culture of other nations and nations. Emphasizing the recognition and respect for the civilization achievements of its own nation, it is not about self-closure, nor is it about self-respect. Without friends, they are solitary and ignorant. "We should adopt an attitude of learning and reference for all civilizations created by human society, and carry forward the outstanding cultural spirit that spans time and space, transcends the country, has eternal charm, and has contemporary value. China is willing to cooperate with the international community including the United States Together, seek win-win in development, make progress in cooperation, make the Chinese people happier, and let the people of the world share the fruits of peace and development., "People's Daily" (September 23, 2015 version 01),]